The Naliboki massacre was the mass killing of about 128 Poles by Soviet partisans at the village of Naliboki in Nazi-occupied Poland on May 8, 1943. "Mama Said Knock You Out" is a number-one hit single by LL Cool J from his album of the same name. Before "Mama Said Knock You Out" was released, many people felt that LL Cool J's career was waning; his grandmother, who still believed in his talent, told him to "knock out" all his critics. Stone Ridge, Maryland is a township in Frederick County situated between the City of Frederick and Brunswick City, along the U.S. 340 corridor. Bobby & Laurie were a popular Australian singing duo of the 1960s, featuring Laurie Allen (vocals, guitar, keyboards) and Bobby Bright (vocals, guitar). On October 3, KISAN agreed to integrate its efforts with the United Nicaraguan Opposition. However, since Rivera was not part of KISAN, and Fagoth retained some loyalists, the new organization failed to bring unity to the Atlantic rebellion. Delegates met on August 31, 1985, and founded KISAN on September 3. Hademstorf is a municipality in the district of Heidekreis, in Lower Saxony, Germany. {{#invoke: Navbox | navbox }} 40x30px This Heidekreis location article is a stub. Live at Innercity: Amsterdam RAI is a compilation album by renowned Trance DJ/producer Tiësto. USS Seid (DE-256) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy during World War II. Bartley Green F.C. are an English football club originally based in Bartley Green, a residential suburban area of Birmingham, in the West Midlands. Wheat middlings, also known as millfeed, wheat mill run, or "wheat midds,” are a by-product of the wheat milling industry. Due to its high energy content and low price, wheat middlings is being researched as a biofuel. The Yugoslavia Fed Cup team represented SFR Yugoslavia in Fed Cup tennis competition and was governed by the Yugoslav Tennis Association. The Virgin and Child Reading (also the Ince Hall Madonna) is an oil painting attributed to the Early Netherlandish master Jan van Eyck, from 1433. Chris Hicken is a British singer, songwriter/Composer, and producer who records under the name Cantinero. Andervenne is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Azeem Rafiq (born 27 February 1991) is an English cricketer. Yu Oh-seong (유오성) (born September 11, 1968 in Gangwon), also spelled "Yu Oh-Sung" or "Yoo Oh-Sung", is a South Korean actor. Városi Stadion (literally Town Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium in Nyíregyháza, Hungary. Shot by Lammi is a studio album split by Big D and the Kids Table and Drexel. Geale Peter Lawrence, who is usually credited as Peter Lawrence, is professional writer - an author, screenwriter and television producer - with a wide and varied body of work. Polynesian Adventure Tours, Inc. (co-branded as Gray Line Hawaii, also known as Polyad) is a tour and transportation company in Hawaii. Polynesian Adventure Tours maintains offices on Oahu, Maui, Kauai, The Big Island and provides tours to Hawaiian landmarks. The Kate Shelley High Bridge is among the highest double-track railroad bridges in the United States. In Finland the first appearance of radical Pietism is personified by Lars Ulstadius (born in Ostrobothnia in Finland, circa 1650 - died in Stockholm 1732). BBC Radio 1 Live in Concert is a live album by Steve Earle. Essie Garrett (born 1947) is an American ultramarathon runner and instructor at Emily Griffith Opportunity School in Denver, Colorado. The Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform (BERR) was a United Kingdom government department. The Astatic Corporation is a commercial audio products manufacturer located in Solon, Ohio USA. Marvel Absurd was a Marvel Comics imprint, under which comics based on Ren & Stimpy, Earthworm Jim and Beavis and Butt-head were published. Awilda Carbia (January 30, 1938 – March 23, 2009) was an actress, comedian, and impersonator. Kingfish in Concert: King Biscuit Flower Hour is a live album by the rock group Kingfish. A polyad in a bicategory D is a bicategory morphism Φ from a locally punctual bicategory C to D, Φ : C → D. In mathematics, polyad is a concept of category theory introduced by Jean Bénabou in generalising monads. Monads are polyads Φ : C → D where C has only one object. Gordana Perkučin (born May 7, 1962 in Novi Kneževac) is a Yugoslav table tennis player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. Giovanni Antonio Fumiani (1645–1710) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. Jason Porter was a fictional footballer for Sky One's television drama Dream Team. The massive planet was discovered in orbit around star Epsilon Tauri. Epsilon Tauri b is an extrasolar planet approximately 147 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus. Kurt Almqvist (1912–2001), PhD in Romance Languages, Swedish poet, intellectual and spiritual figure, representative of the Traditionalist School and the Perennial philosophy. The Army Group North Ukraine was a major ground force formation of the German armed forces. The Messerschmitt Me 310 was a prototype German heavy fighter of World War II. Steals and Deals was CNBC's nightly investigative consumer finance show. Steals and Deals was an evening business news talk show aired weekdays from 7:30 to 8PM ET on CNBC from 1990 until c. The Estonian Declaration of Independence, also known as the Manifesto to the Peoples of Estonia (Estonian: Manifest Eestimaa rahvastele), is the founding act of the Republic of Estonia from 1918. Aquin Components GmbH was a software company, based in Frankfurt, Germany, which specialised in Compliance Software. Snowbody Loves Me is a 1964 Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by Chuck Jones. Music of the Spheres is an album by English musician Mike Oldfield, released in the United Kingdom on 17 March 2008. William Butler is an actor, writer, director, make-up artist, special effects technician and producer. The Oregon Marching Band (OMB) is the marching band of the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, United States. The UNIVAC Tape to Card converter read metal UNIVAC magnetic tape using a UNISERVO tape drive and punched the data on punched cards at 120 cards per minute. HMS Unity was a British U class submarine, of the first group of that class, built by Vickers Armstrong, Barrow-in-Furness. Gordana Tomić (born 1990) is a Bosnian-Serb model from Lopare, Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Grethem is a municipality in the district of Heidekreis, in Lower Saxony, Germany. {{#invoke: Navbox | navbox }} 40x30px This Heidekreis location article is a stub. Alles-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France. Kawasaki Stadium was a stadium in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan. The intended product of latent semantic mapping, is a data-driven framework for modeling relationships in large volumes of data. Latent semantic mapping (LSM) is a data-driven framework to model globally meaningful relationships implicit in large volumes of (often textual) data. Mac OS X v10.5 includes a framework implementing latent semantic mapping. Emokweme, alongside their other siblings of Igegbode, Unueda make up the iviokpisa kinship group of Weppa Wanno, and they are the original settlers at Agenebode. Emokweme is a town in Weppa Wanno Kingdom of Edo state, Nigeria with a population of approximately 20,000 people. A springer is an architectural term for the lowest voussoir on each side of an arch. Digital terrestrial television in Denmark was technically launched in March 2006 after some years of public trials. Keith Bromage (born 8 November 1937) is a former Australian rules footballer. Graneledone is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae. Homestall Farm consisted of a farm house, barn, and substantial land surrounding it, and was located on the site of what is now Peckham Rye park in southeast London, England. In economics, joint demand is a kind of demand that occurs when the demand for two or more products (or services) are interdependent, normally because they are used together. William Van Ness Bay (November 23, 1818 – February 10, 1894) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Krstac is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Guča. Niederbrombach is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Leonardo Castellani (November 16, 1899 – March 1981), was an Argentine priest, essayist, novelist, poet and theologian. Lafare is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Vertigo arctica (Wallenberg, 1858) is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails. Vladimeri Dgebuadze (born 2 February 1970) is a Georgian judoka. It also acts as an index to the species articles and forms part of the full List of moths of India. Atlético El Vigía Fútbol Club (usually called Atlético El Vigía) is a professional club promoted to Venezuelan league in 2007. Ian A. Anderson (born 26 July 1947, in Weston-super-Mare) is an English magazine editor, folk musician and broadcaster. Winfried Klepsch (born 22 May 1956) is a retired West German long jumper. Drift Falls, also known as Bust-Yer-Butt Falls and Driftwood Falls, is a waterfall located in the Pisgah National Forest in Transylvania County, North Carolina. Guests at a lingerie party try on and purchase their favorite lingerie. A lingerie party is a type of party plan for selling women's lingerie products. The Italian poet Petrarch wrote about his ascent of Mont Ventoux on April 26, 1336 in a well-known letter published as one of his Epistolae familiares (IV, 1). Previously, they were known as Puraguru from 2002 until 2004, when they renamed as Vanillaware. Vanillaware has developed 2 games for the PlayStation 2 and one for the Wii. Cascade Community Federal Credit Union is a credit union in Roseburg, Oregon. Team Bygma Jason Watt Racing raced at the 2009 FIA WTCC Race of Germany. Jason Watt (born 24 February 1970) is a successful Danish racing driver. Chest Creek is a 40.4-mile-long tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Cambria and Clearfield counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Chest Creek joins the West Branch Susquehanna River at the borough of Mahaffey. Sonu Kakkar is an Indian playback singer, born as Niti Kakkar, in Rishikesh. The Marietta Register is a weekly, community-focused newspaper published in Marietta, Ohio. For the original team which played in the NASL, see Detroit Express The Detroit Express was an American soccer team based in Detroit, Michigan and a member of the American Soccer League. This article is about the Detroit Express of the American Soccer League. Scott Straus is an Associate Professor of Political Science and International Studies at University of Wisconsin–Madison in the United States. Lateritic nickel ore deposits are surficial, weathered rinds formed on ultramafic rocks. Anaktuvuk Pass Airport is a public-use airport located in Anaktuvuk Pass, a city in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Hartlepool Rovers are an English rugby union club who play at The Friarage, West View Road in Hartlepool. Hartlepool Rovers have a coaching set-up with Alan Brown as head coach and Ian Cook as fitness guru. Neil Swaab (born 2 January 1978 in Detroit, Michigan) is a New York based artist, designer, writer, and educator. ISBN 978-0-9722182-0-7 Attitude Featuring: Neil Swaab, Rehabilitating Mr. Wiggles (AKA Rehabilitating Mr. Wiggles Vol. The earliest application of bebugging was Harlan Mills's fault seeding approach which was later refined by stratified fault-seeding. Bebugging (or fault seeding) is a popular software engineering technique used in the 1970s to measure test coverage. The BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix is a third-level badminton tournament structure introduced by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). Wang Kuang-Shih (Chinese: 王光熙; pinyin: Wáng Guāngxī; born August 2, 1967) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics. Helen Bershad, born Philadelphia 1934, is a graduate of Moore College of Art. Major Walter Troup (October 16, 1869 - December 14, 1940) was an English first class cricketer who was born in Uttar Pradesh, India. XMX (or just X) Channel 2 was a commercial-free, satellite radio station on Sirius XM Radio, formerly XM Satellite Radio. Donald Roy McAnn, born 23 June 1911 in Rochester, New York, enlisted in the United States Navy 16 August 1932. First Demo Tape is a demo album by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat. Student engagement occurs when "students make a psychological investment in learning. Murihiku is a Māori name describing a region of the South Island in New Zealand. Barchfeld is a village and a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. The Guelph Junction Railway is the first railway in the Commonwealth of Nations to be owned by a municipality, the city of Guelph, Ontario. Sentebale aims to combat these issues and works with vulnerable children and their communities, empowering them to reach their full potential. EEWH comprises nine indicators that fall into four categories - ecology, energy saving, waste reduction and health - hence the name EEWH. EEWH is the green building certification system in Taiwan. EEWH has five levels: certified, bronze, silver, gold, and diamond. If the joist burns through somewhere along its length, damage to the wall is prevented as the fire cut allows the joist to fail and leave the masonry wall standing. XMX was discontinued on November 12, 2008, as part of the merger of the SIRIUS and XM channel lineups. In the construction of masonry buildings, a fire cut or fireman's cut is a diagonal cut along the top of a joist where it enters a masonry wall. Cyphostemma currorii is found in hot, arid rocky places, and has been seen from southern Angola to Namibia and is common on the Brandberg. Cyphostemma currorii is a succulent tree belonging to the family Vitaceae and reaching a height of 6 meters or more. Teach Children to Worship Satan is a cover album by Dark Funeral. The procedure involves surgical division of Ladd's bands, widening of the small intestine's mesentery, performing an appendectomy and correctional placement of the cecum and colon. Ladd's bands and the Ladd procedure are named after American pediatrician, William Edwards Ladd (1880-1967). Ladd's bands, sometimes called bands of Ladd is a fibrous stalk of peritoneal tissue that attaches the cecum to the abdominal wall, and creates an obstruction of the duodenum. Wickerstedt is a village and a former municipality in the Weimarer Land district of Thuringia, Germany. Sandstone Ranch or Sand Stone Ranch, as it was first known, was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1976. In statistical quality control, the np-chart is a type of control chart used to monitor the number of nonconforming units in a sample. HMS Stratagem was an S-class submarine of the Royal Navy, and part of the Third Group built of that class. Also, Akitoshi Saito and Kintaro Kanemura made their pro wrestling debuts against one another in Pioneer Senshi, on December 20, 1990. Pioneer Senshi (Japanese for "Pioneer Soldier" or "Pioneer Warrior") was the first-ever independent promotion in Japanese wrestling history. Pioneer Senshi's debut show took place on April 30, 1989 at Tokyo Korakuen Hall, in front of 1,600 fans. The Otuzco Province is one of twelve provinces of the La Libertad Region in Peru. El-Hadji Malick Sy (Wolof: Allaaji Maalig Si, 1855-1922) was a Senegalese religious leader and teacher in the Tijaniyya Sufi brotherhood. "Amazing" is a dance-pop song co-written, arranged, produced and performed by George Michael, which was released by Sony BMG on 1 March 2004. Veselin Vujović is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. Modène is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Red Vienna was the nickname of the capital of Austria between 1918 and 1934, when the Social Democrats had the majority and the city was democratically governed for the first time. The Salty Dawg Saloon is a famous landmark on the Homer Spit in Homer, Alaska. Tomioka Castle is a Japanese castle located in Kyūshū. Dr. Ivan Bratko (born June 10, 1946; Ljubljana) is a Slovene computer scientist. Ratibida columnifera, commonly known as Upright Prairie Coneflower or Mexican Hat, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family, Asteraceae, that is native to much of North America. Rock Werchter 2007 was a concert that ran from Thursday 28 June 2007 until Sunday 1 July 2007 at the Rock Werchter site in the Belgian village of Werchter. Silver mining in Colorado, a state of the United States has taken place since the 1860s. These porous conglomerates can be oil-bearing, and areas near The Arches Provincial Park have seen some oil exploration activity. The Arches Provincial Park is a public park on the western coastline of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that features a photogenic rock formation. The cover art for "Wappinschaw" was a collaboration between Gordon Sharp and London based photographer Steve Gullick. Wappinschaw is the 1995 album from Cindytalk released by Touched Recordings. The Croatian Democratic Union 1990 (Croatian: Hrvatska demokratska zajednica 1990, HDZ 1990) is a political party of Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina. CD4 immunoadhesin is a recombinant fusion protein consisting of a combination of CD4 and the fragment crystallizable region. The Coat of arms of Guadeloupe, a région and overseas département of France in the Caribbean, is a logo showing a stylized sun and bird on a green and blue square. The Port Huron Icehawks were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Port Huron, Michigan. On June 16, 2010, the Port Huron Icehawks of the International Hockey League will discontinue its hockey operation in Port Huron after three seasons. Fohren-Linden is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Gao is a Chinese family name that can be literally translated as "high" or "tall". Barver is a municipality in the district of Diepholz, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Franciszek Gajowniczek (15 November 1901 – 13 March 1995) was a Polish army sergeant whose life was saved from the Nazis when Maximilian Kolbe offered to die in Gajowniczek's place. Deja Vu All Over Again is a 2004 album by John Fogerty. No Regret is a compilation album by singer-songwriter Lonnie Gordon, released on October 31 2000. Thalassocyon tui is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ficidae, the fig shells. Max Hall (born October 1, 1985) is a current assistant American football coach for BYU, and former quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Arizona Cardinals. Jesús Fernández Hernández is a Spanish basketball player, playing the power forward position. Monirul Islam is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh. Hunt Stromberg (July 12, 1894 – August 23, 1968) was a film producer during Hollywood's Golden Age. Headquarter Veng is a village in the western part of Lamka Town in Zogam, Manipur, also known as Lamka West, is the area where various government offices are situated. Members of the Diodontidae, species of the genus Diodon are usually known as porcupinefishes or balloonfishes. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dębowa Kłoda. Dębowa Kłoda is a village in Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Marden High School teach early entry A-level modules in Science and Mathematics in Year 11 and enrich these subjects with further activities in the extended curriculum. In 2007 Marden High School was successfully redesignated as a Media Arts College and were awarded a second specialism in Sciences and Maths. Marden High School is a high school in Cullercoats, Tyne and Wear. Marden High School has specialist status as a Media Arts, Science and Maths College. Another Minute is the 1992 BMG album re-release of synthpop group Cause and Effect's 1990 debut on Nastymix Records. Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy. Bluesology was a 1960s English R&B group, best remembered as being the first professional band of which Reggie Dwight – later known as Elton John – was a member. Florence Gilbert (February 20, 1904 – February 27, 1991) was an American film actress of the silent 1920s. The Cable House is a Richardsonian Romanesque–style house near Michigan Avenue, at 25 East Erie Street, in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Shitor Din, commonly called Shito is the word for pepper in the Ghanaian native language (Ga) of the capital Accra. Whilst the word for pepper is different for each of the Ghanaian native languages, the word 'Shito' is widely used as the name for the hot black pepper sauce ubiquitous in Ghanaian cuisine. It is not uncommon to find shito being eaten with white bread or spring rolls. In most Chinese restaurants across Ghana, shito replaces hot oil as a condiment to fried rice. Shito sauce consists primarily of fish oil and/or palm oil, ginger, dried fish, prawns and/or crustaceans, tomatoes, garlic, peppers and spices. Olympe-Philippe Gerbet was a French Catholic bishop and writer. Cédric Claverie (born 6 December 1976) is a French judoka. Machine is an American music producer and engineer who has worked with many bands of many different genres. Thomas Foster (15 December 1848 — 22 March 1929) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1873 and 1884. B. F. Shelton (January 1, 1902 – 1963) was an American singer and banjoist who recorded a number of songs for Victor Records at the Bristol Sessions in Bristol, Tennessee on July 29, 1927. Uiallalla is an album by Italian singer Mina, issued in 1989. The Israel Democracy Institute, established in 1991, is an independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit think tank in Jerusalem, Israel. The family Pinnidae includes the fan shell, Atrina fragilis, and Pinna nobilis, the source of sea silk. The Pinnidae are a taxonomic family of large saltwater clams sometimes known as pen shells. "“The Pinnidae have considerable economic importance in many parts of the world. Smallfoot is also notable in that it was a key Linux product of the SCO Group, developed for both the UNIX and Linux platforms and distributed by SCO and Caldera Systems after its purchase of SCO. In the IBM vs SCO (2003-) lawsuit, SCO denies (or has denied) distribution of Linux kernel code, however SCO Smallfoot is based on both 2.4.10 and 2.6.1 Linux kernel versions. From the Holy Mountain is a 1997 historical travel book by William Dalrymple that deals with the affairs of the Eastern Christians. These customized and stripped down versions of the operating systems make less of a footprint, hence the names Smallfoot embedded UNIX and Smallfoot embedded Linux respectively. Smallfoot is the name of both a Rapid application development toolkit and an embedded operating system designed and released by Caldera Systems/The SCO Group in both Unix and Linux formats. Good Day to Ride is the debut album by Canadian country music group Doc Walker, released in 1997. The Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary is about 48 km by road from Guwahati. Harold Edward Palmer, usually just Harold E. Palmer (1877–1949), was an English linguist, phonetician and pioneer in the field of English language learning and teaching. Philippe de Luxembourg (1445–1519) was a French Cardinal He was bishop of Le Mans in 1476. However, a high-speed ferry continues to connect Tanjung Pinang to Singkep, from where local boats may be chartered to Lingga. Starting in 2011, an aircraft operated by Sky Aviation flies from Batam to Dabo Singkep four times a week. Singkep has two ports, Dabo near Dabosingkep and Jago near Sungaibuluh. It is surrounded by islands P. Posik to the west, P. Serak to the SW, P. Lalang to the South, and P. Selayar of Riau Islands between Lingga and Singkep. Daniele Balli (born 16 September 1967 in Florence) is an Italian football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent. Singkep is an island in the Lingga Archipelago in Indonesia. This is partly because Singkep is a quite a small community and people know each other. Singkep also has a small airport capable of handling small 40 passenger aircraft. Helmold records Henry as campaigning against the Rani, Kissini, Circipani, Liutizi, and Western Pomeranians to render them tributary. Henry's elder sons, Woldemar and Mstivoj (1127), had predeceased him. In 1126 Vicelin came to Liubice and asked Henry for permission to preach Christianity amongst the Slavs. A Christian, Henry had a chapel built inside his castle as well as a church in the colony of merchants. Henry (before 1066 – 22 March or 7 June 1127) was an Obotrite prince or king (1093–1127) from the Nakonid dynasty; he was regarded by contemporaries as "King of the Slavs" (rex Slavorum). The pressured Kruto agreed to meet with Henry and grant him a portion of the Obotrite realm in 1093. Henry led 2,000–6,000 men during the first campaign; Saxons from Holstein and Stormarn marched alongside his Slavic troops. Yponomeuta plumbella is a lepidoptera from the family Yponomeutidae, the Ermine moths. Fanshawe Dam is a dam located on the eastern edge of London, Ontario. Helmold of Bosau reported that Henry encouraged his subjects to engage in agriculture. Henry also suppressed revolts by the Brisani and Hevelli in the winter of 1100/01. During the missionary's absence, Henry died and was buried in Lüneburg, though Helmold is silent concerning the manner of his death. The Obotrite realm reached its greatest area during Henry's rule, extending from the Elbe to the Oder and from the Havelland to the Baltic Sea. Kruto could not prevent Henry from harrying and plundering the Wagrian coastline. Marrying the widow, Henry led a Slav-Saxon army to victory in the Battle of Schmilau in 1093. Instead of Mecklenburg, Henry chose Liubice, near the site of the later Lübeck, to be his residence. After receiving Henry's support, Vicelin returned to Saxony to prepare for the missionary expedition. While Henry was besieging Havelberg for a month, his son Mistue plundered the neighboring Linones with 200 Saxons and 300 Slavs. Henry had granted the Slavic peoples freedom to practice their paganism and he himself and his court were some of the only Christians in his territory. Markus Koch is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. Henry remained on good terms with his Danish and Saxon neighbors, especially Duke Lothar von Supplinburg and Adolf I of Holstein. Once Kruto reached old age, he was forced to defend against an invasion by Henry with Danish support in 1090. While Henry remained passive, the Saxon-supported Budivoj was killed by Kruto at Plön. Although Kruto planned to have Henry assassinated during the visit, Henry succeeded in having Kruto killed with the assistance of Kruto's wife Slavina. In the winters of 1123/24 and 1124/25 Henry led expeditions against the Rani after they killed his son Woldemar and refused to pay tribute. Eastern tribes such as the Hevelli and Liutizi took advantage of Henry's death to assert their independence. 1100; after being reinforced by Holsatian Saxons, Henry forced the Rani to pay tribute. Keeping in mind the pagan revolt of 1066, Henry did not force Christianity upon his subjects, who remained predominantly pagan. PANTA Systems is the only Data Warehouse Appliance vendor to validate their claims of high perform, high availability and low cost with an externally verified TPC-H world record. PANTA manufactured and sold Data Warehouse Appliances until 2007. The Hanover Street Baptist Church was the first Baptist church in Dunedin, New Zealand. The PANTA appliances ran the Oracle 10g database engine on servers and storage manufactured by PANTA and Clustered together with an InfiniBand fabric. PANTA Systems was founded in 2002 and headquartered in Santa Clara, California with offices in Austin, Texas and Pune. PANTA Systems was a foundation member of the Oracle Information Appliance Initiative, since renamed the Oracle Optimized Warehouse Initiative (OWI). The Oscar Stanton De Priest House is the current name of an eight-flat apartment building located at 4536-4538 South Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. , Drive in Chicago, Illinois, USA. Visions was an annual science fiction convention held from 1990 to 1998 in Rosemont, Illinois on Thanksgiving weekend. Visions '93 celebrated the 30th anniversary of Doctor Who and the 15th anniversary of Blake's 7. The convention was originally called Visions but was renamed HME Visions in 1998. While the main focus of each convention was Doctor Who, Visions often invited actors from Blake's 7, Red Dwarf and Robin of Sherwood. Harttia is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America. Miller Park Zoo is a zoo located in Miller Park; a public park in Bloomington, Illinois, USA. Doc O'Lena (born 1967) was a Quarter Horse stallion and an outstanding cutting horse and sire of cutting horses. Bereni is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. Joe Johnson (born 19 January 1883) was an Australian rules footballer notable as he is recognised as being the first ever Indigenous Australian to play in the VFL/AFL. Vanessa Ruiz (born March 22, 1950) is an Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest court for the District of Columbia. Giuseppe Agellio (1570 - after 1620) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. Carole Jacques (born 12 June 1960) was a Progressive Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons. Moussa Narry (born April 19, 1986 in Maradi as Moses Narh) is a Ghanaian-Nigerien football midfielder who currently plays for Al Sharjah SC. Sovinec is a castle situated on a cone-shaped hill located in the south-west parts of the Rešov hilly region of Bruntál District, in North Moravia, Czech Republic. Sam Donahue (18 March 1918 – 22 March 1974) was an American swing music jazz tenor saxophonist, trumpeter and musical arranger. Hallo is a 2007 Malayalam film written and directed by the Rafi Mecartin duo, starring Mohanlal, Parvathy Melton, Jagathy Sreekumar, Siddique, Ganesh Kumar, and Madhu. James Goodridge (1852 – March 13, 1900) was a politician in Alberta, Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton. Flight Lieutenant Alfred Tyrone Cooke VrC was a hero of the Indo-Pakistani wars. The Synod of Worms was an ecclesiastical synod convened by the Emperor Henry IV in January 1076, at Worms, Germany. After the tour to promote The Spirit, the band decided to leave Polydor, agreeing to pay to end their contract with their own money. The Spirit is a live album by British melodic rock band Magnum, released in 1991 by Polydor. Considering Polydor's decision to market Magnum towards an American market, the band were unhappy with the promotion of both Goodnight L.A. and The Spirit. The 2007 Grand Prix of Cleveland is the fifth round of the 2007 Champ Car World Series Season. The Tripoli Industrial Zone or Tripoli Industrial Area (Greek: Βιομηχανική Ζώνη Τριπόλεως) is Tripoli's industrial area located 3 km from the downtown core in Arcadia, Greece. Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, Junagadh is a Hindu temple in Junagadh, Gujarat, India. Samuel Byrns (March 4, 1848 – July 9, 1914) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Theodor von Scheve (11 June 1851 – 19 April 1922) was a German chess master and writer. Hintertiefenbach is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Nebraska Highway 16 is a highway in northeastern Nebraska. Great Bend High School is a public high school located in Great Bend, Kansas, serving students in grades 9-12. Chandra Bhanu Gupta (Hindi: चंद्र भानु गुप्ता) (14 July 1902 – 11 March 1980) was chief minister of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh for three times. Hypernova is a New York based Iranian rock band from Tehran. Hypernova also has session musicians playing synths & keys at their live shows. Fixkes is a Belgian band from Stabroek, close to Antwerp. A Santa Claus melon is usually consumed for breakfast, lunch, dessert, or as a snack. Quernheim is a municipality in the district of Diepholz, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Farnham Heath End School is a mixed comprehensive school in Heath End, Surrey in south-east of England, with roughly 900 pupils. The Live Earth Pledge (or the Seven Point Pledge) is a petition promulgated by the Live Earth campaign, urging governments to adopt a variety of environmental protection laws. The Magnolia State 100 is an annual dirt track race held at Columbus Speedway in Columbus, Mississippi. Entouch was a male R&B group composed of Eric McCaine and Free. The DUKES of Dixieland have not been affiliated with the Assunto Family since 1974, some 37 years ago. Fred and Frank Assunto both died young, and the Dukes of Dixieland disbanded in the early 1970s. Dukes of Dixieland were featured on the first stereo record, released November 1957, on the Audio Fidelity label. The Hits Collection is a compilation album by Kim Wilde. Mike Stokey Jr. recently published a book titled "River of Perfumes", about his experience during the battle of Hue in 1968. Mike Stokey (September 14, 1918 – September 7, 2003) was an American game show host and producer, best known for Pantomime Quiz and its later incarnation, Stump the Stars. Mohamed Zaki (born 20 February 1953), also known as Nazaki Zaki or Sandhaanu Zaki, is a businessman and politician in the Maldives. As government posts are decided by the President, Mohamed Zaki was appointed the new Maldives Ambassador to Malaysia in 2008. Datalantic wrote custom software to facilitate the process. Datalantic had a Computer Automation mini-computer with what, at the time, was considered a very large 80 megabyte hard disk. William Joseph Hynes (March 31, 1843 - April 2, 1915) was a U.S. Representative from Arkansas. Datalantic was an electronic typesetting company originally located in Atlanta, Georgia. Lod Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Lod, Israel, served by most railway lines of Israel Railways. The 377th Air Base Wing (377 ABW) is a wing of the United States Air Force based at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. The Nichols Farms Historic District, which encompasses part of the area, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Ursaline Bryant (born 1947) is an actress who has appeared in several films from the 1970s to 1990s. Friedrich Bernhard Gottfried Nicolai (October 25, 1793 – June 4, 1846) was a German astronomer. Heskin is a small village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire, England. Moregem is a village of the municipality Wortegem-Petegem located in the Belgian province of East Flanders. Metropolitan Missionary Baptist Church, originally named the Third Church of Christ, Scientist, is a landmark church located on West Washington Boulevard in Chicago, Illinois, USA. Nikola Kalinić (born 5 January 1988) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukrainian Premier League. Maxine Daniels died in Romford, London Borough of Havering, in October 2003, aged 72. The British Knockout Cup is an Elite Ice Hockey League competition originally created to fill the void left by the demise of the London Racers in the 2005-06 season. Bar Kunar District is situated in the northeastern part of Kunar Province, Afghanistan. Bethany Christian Trust is a registered Scottish charity based in Edinburgh. The Arjochi River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. Monroe Golf Club is a Donald Ross designed course in the Town of Pittsford, Monroe County, New York, near Rochester. Monroe Golf Club was recently ranked #96 in Golf Week's 2011 Top 100 Classic Golf Course National Ranking. The Suroifui Hairstreak (Teratozephyrus doni) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. Orompoto used horses extensively in military battles and may have obtained them from Borgu. Orompoto was an Alaafin of Oyo, also the empire's titled ruler. Badbergen is a municipality in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Maxine Daniels (2 November 1930 – 20 October 2003) was an English jazz singer, probably best known for her work with Humphrey Lyttelton and others. The only human settlement on Niau is Tupana, population 136 (as of 2002). Niau is a small atoll in French Polynesia, in the commune of Fakarava. Niau's lagoon is swampy, hypersaline and entirely enclosed. The Guards Cavalry Division (Garde-Kavallerie-Division) was a unit of the German army that was stationed in Berlin. Phocis Football Clubs Association is one of the newest Greek amateur football clubs associations, representing teams from the Greek prefecture of Phocis. Aleksandr Aseledchenko (born 18 October 1973) is a retired Russian triple jumper. The Tomb is a 1986 film directed by Fred Olen Ray and featuring John Carradine and Cameron Mitchell. Supergator is a 2007 horror film from Roger Corman starring Brad Johnson and Kelly McGillis. The World Livestock Auctioneer Championship is an annual competition of livestock auctioneers who practice the auction chant typical of rural areas in the United States and Canada. Unión Lara Fútbol Club is a professional football club based in Barquisimeto, Lara State. The final prom for the Ridings School was held at Berties Elland. The hydroelectric generator of the Fanshawe Dam generates enough power to run 400 households. Jerry Dumas (born 1930) is an American cartoonist, best known for his Sam and Silo comic strip. "Four Months Later... " is the first episode of the second season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes. To be more specific, stippling occurs at sites of fusion of the epithelial ridges (also known as rete pegs) and correspond to the fusion of the valleys created by the connective tissue papillae. Stippling is a consequence of the microscopic elevations and depressions of the surface of the gingival tissue due to the connective tissue projections within the tissue. Stippling only presents on the attached gingiva bound to underlying alveolar bone, not the freely moveable alveolar mucosa. Stippling used to be thought to indicate health, but it has since been shown that smooth gingiva is not an indication of disease, unless it is smooth due to a loss of previously existing stippling. Beauty and the Beast (also known as Blood of Beasts) is a 2005 film which is based on the folktale "Beauty and the Beast" and is set during the time of the Vikings. Evan Stephens (June 28, 1854 – October 27, 1930) was a Latter-day Saint composer and hymn writer. The Robert S. Abbott House is the former home of Robert S. Abbott, founder of the Chicago Defender newspaper. HMAS Wollongong (ACPB 92), named for the city of Wollongong, New South Wales, is an Armidale class patrol boat of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Before it became the Ridings school, it was known as The Ovenden High School (which closed on 31 December 1994). The Sijil Kemuliaan (Certificate of Honour) is a Singaporean award instituted in 1962. AmBX (officially stylised amBX) is a technology (originally developed by Philips) for controlling incandescent and white/coloured LED lighting and other compatible peripherals. The patents for the technology are now owned by a British company based in Redhill, amBX UK LTD. Xavier Delamare is the former regional leader of Scientology for the South Eastern portion of France. Not to be confused with Xavier Delamarre, a French scholar of Celtic linguistics. One of the most scrupulous guidance documents on vapor intrusion in the nation from the New York Department of Health. In the United States, vapor intrusion is handled in individual states in different ways. On March 3, 2008, ASTM International released the "Standard Practice for the Assessment of Vapor Intrusion into Structures on Property Involved in Real Estate Transactions," (ASTM E 2600-08). Vapor intrusion (VI) is a process by which chemicals in soil or groundwater migrate to indoor air above a contaminated site. Vapor Intrusion is an emerging concept, the United States Environmental Protection Agency having only issued a draft guidance on the subject in 2002. Peter A. Griffin (1937–1998) was a mathematician, author and blackjack expert and is one of the original seven members of the Blackjack Hall of Fame. Roscoelite is a green mineral from the mica group that contains vanadium. Crystals of roscoelite take on the monoclinic form, and are from the 2/m point group. Better Questions is a Christian rock album by Todd Agnew. From 1985 to 1993 the Summerjam took place at the Loreley, in 1994 and 1995 at the airport Wildenrath and since 1996 at its present location in Cologne. Khwaja Saeed Hai is the current Senior Vice President of the Pakistan Tennis Federation (PTF) and a sports legend in the country. KXKC is a radio station serving the Lafayette, Louisiana metropolitan area with a country music format. The Gown-and-glove dance is considered a very traditional form of the striptease. The British Association for Jewish Studies (BAJS) is an organization in the United Kingdom that promotes scholarly study of Jewish culture. Richard Muspratt was born in Liverpool, England, the second son of James Muspratt and his wife Julia Josephine née Connor. Richard Muspratt (13 August 1822 – 18 August 1885) was a chemical industrialist. Cornelius Gallagher (December 31, 1854 – October 27, 1932) was a politician in Alberta, Canada and a municipal councillor and the third mayor of Edmonton. The Land of the Silver Apples is a fantasy novel for children, written by Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2007. The Agriș River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania. My Secret Life is the third full-length album released by Sonia Dada, in 1998 on Calliope Records. Veleno is an album by Italian singer Mina, issued in 2002. Lamotte-du-Rhône is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Vanajan Joanna is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio. Erasable Inc. has worked with notable comedic figures such as Kevin McDonald, Paul Provenza, and the late improv guru Del Close. After winning the first round, Erasable Inc. placed fourth nationally among 126 competing teams. Erasable Inc. is one of the University of Maryland's oldest student organizations, and one of the best known college improv groups on the east coast. In 2011, Erasable Inc. competed in the Chicago Improv Festival's College Improv Tournament Capital City Regional. Chineham is a civil parish in the Basingstoke and Deane district of Hampshire, England. Michael Anton Biermer (October 18, 1827 – October 15, 1892) was a German internist who was a native of Bamberg. Ken Irvin is currently the defensive backs coach at Pepperell High School. |} The Taunus Railway is a double-track electrified railway line, which connects Frankfurt and Wiesbaden, Germany. Puńców is a village in Gmina Goleszów, Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, on the border with the Czech Republic. Puńców was again mentioned in written documents in 1228 and 1229. Puńców is one of the oldest villages in Cieszyn Silesia. The U.S. and Japan Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement was signed on March 8, 1954 in Tokyo between John Moore Allison of the United States and Katsuo Okazaki of Japan. Massimo Loviso (born 9 April 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Ascoli. Parque Avellaneda is a neighbourhood located in the Southwest of Buenos Aires. Minami-Asagaya Station is a railway station in Suginami, Tokyo, Japan. John Hardy (September 19, 1835 – December 9, 1913) was a United States Representative from New York. Takanowaka Yūki (born 2 April 1976 as Yūki Ozaki) is a former sumo wrestler from Ikitsuki, Nagasaki, Japan. Paul Mondoloni (September 27, 1916 – July 29, 1985), alias Monsieur Paul, was an important figure of the French Connection, who was killed in 1985. James Vacca is a member of the New York City Council and Chair of the Transportation Committee. Kumarsen Samarth belonged to a Marathi modernist family. This is a list of symphonies in C minor written by notable composers. Erin O'Donnell (born Erin McDonald, March 11, 1971 in Severn, Maryland) is an American Contemporary Christian music singer. Higashi-kōenji Station (東高円寺駅, -eki) is a train station in Suginami, Tokyo Prefecture, Japan. Bryan Gregory (Gregory Beckerleg, February 20, 1951 – January 10, 2001) was an American rock musician, and founding member of and guitarist for The Cramps. A strong noun is a phenomenon of both Icelandic and Irish, marked in each by case or number markings. The Pearson correlation coefficient is the most commonly used interclass correlation. In 2007 The Dolly Teen Choice Awards were held on the 5 September 2007 and hosted by Jules Lund and Jackie O (radio host). The interclass correlation contrasts with the intraclass correlation. In statistics, the interclass correlation (or interclass correlation coefficient) measures a bivariate relation among variables. Kodiak Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Kodiak, a city on Kodiak Island in the U.S. state of Alaska. Originally legally known as Stagecoach Midland Rail Limited the company was later renamed East Midlands Trains Ltd. East Midlands Trains (EMT) is a British passenger train operating company. The parent company of East Midlands Trains is Stagecoach Group, which also owns South West Trains and 49% of the Virgin Trains franchise. Ethnic Chinese in Mozambique once numbered around five thousand individuals, but their population fell significantly during the Mozambican Civil War. Carl Mokosak (born September 22, 1962) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. Henning Schulze was an East German luger who competed in the mid-1970s. The 2007 Speedway Grand Prix of Slovenia was the tenth race of the 2007 Speedway Grand Prix season. The Dolly Teen Choice Awards began in 2006 as a non-broadcast show with hosts Stephanie McIntosh and Jules Lund. Federico Boido, is an Italian film actor who has appeared in many horror films, spaghetti westerns, and sword and sandal movies. The Curone is a torrent which flows for some 50 km) through the Italian regions Lombardy and Piedmont. Beyond Words is a 1997 documentary film directed by Louis van Gasteren. After a long period of consideration van Gasteren finally released the unseen footage in Beyond Words in 1997. The Meher Baba footage in Beyond Words was originally planned by van Gasteren to be included in a longer film titled Nema Aviona Za Zagreb (No Plane for Zagreb) which was never completed. The footage of Leary does not appear in Beyond Words. "Kill to Believe" is a single by Orange County metalcore band Bleeding Through released in 2006 by Trustkill Records. The Bishop of Crediton is an episcopal title which takes its name after the town of Crediton in Devon, England. Cass Browne (born 27 September 1971) was a member of the band The Psychotics who became the Senseless Things in 1986. USS Garfield Thomas (DE-193) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. "Secret Garden" is a single released by Gackt on November 16, 2000. The Remix Album is an album by Champion, released in 2006 on Saboteur Records. The operation was launced after the failure of Operation Karbala-2 and Operation Karbala-3 to move the Iraqi lines in an effort to capture Iraqi territory. Operation Karbala-4 was an Iranian offensive in the Iran-Iraq War on the southern front. Rune Kristoffersen is a Norwegian musician, best known for being the founder and bassist of the New Wave/pop rock band Fra Lippo Lippi. Giorgio Del Vecchio was a prominent Italian legal philosopher of the early 20th century. Bowling Balls was the first 3-D film shot in high-definition video. "Bowling Balls" is a song written by Esham and Joseph Bruce for Insane Clown Posse's 2004 album Hell's Pit, and the fourth single released by the group that was not produced by Mike E. Clark. Pseudomystus is a genus of catfishes of the family Bagridae. Adarsh Nagar, Thiruvananthapuram is located midway between Pottakuzhy and Thekkummoodu in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), the capital of Kerala, India. The generic Teaching and Learning Research programme was based at the Institute of Education, University of London. The Mogadishu Line is the point at which foreign involvement in a conflict shifts from peacekeeping or diplomacy to combat operations. The Teaching and Learning Research Programme (TLRP) is the United Kingdom's Economic and Social Research Council's largest investment in education research. Stephen Abraham is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Army Reserve. Liivo Leetma (born 20 January 1977) is an Estonian professional footballer, who plays in Finnish Kakkonen, for Grankulla IFK. Eurybia conspicua, commonly known as the Western Showy Aster, is an herbaceous perennial in the composite family. Silvana Pampanini (born 25 September 1925) is an Italian actress. Boitze is a municipality in the district of Lüneburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The Almaș River or Valea Fildului River is a tributary of the Someș River in Romania. Camp Bastion is the main British military base in Afghanistan. Koo De Tah was a New Zealand/Australian pop music band of the 1980s. King's Square bus station is the bus station for Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. Sergio Liani (born 3 August 1943) is a retired Italian hurdler. Mulitefala is one of the twenty-nine isles of Funafuti, Tuvalu. Bruce Coville's Shapeshifters is a work of juvenile fiction. Message From God is a goatrance album produced by the Israeli project Message From God. "Let's Go To Vegas" is the lead single of Faith Hill's second studio album It Matters to Me. The Tactical Common Data Link (TCDL) is a secure data link being developed by the U.S. military to send secure data and streaming video links from airborne platforms to ground stations. Common Data Link (CDL) is a secure U.S. military communications protocol. Cheap Sweaty Fun & TJ's Xmas is a one-sided 7" single featuring music by Girls Against Boys and Man... or Astro-man?. Anotogaster sieboldii or oniyanma in Japanese is the largest species of dragonfly native to Japan. Stephen McCann (born 31 May 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s. Valerio Baldassari (c.1650 – after 1695) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. "Walking Disaster" is the second single from Sum 41's 2007 studio album, Underclass Hero. An arkhalig is part of both male and female traditional dress of the peoples of the Caucasus and Iran. The present Kuzmir Rebbe is Rabbi Pinchas Moshe Taub, the brother of the present Modzitzer Rebbe, resurrecting the title of Kuzmir Rebbe as the Modzitzer Rebbe is a scion of the Kuzmir dynasty. Kuzmir is the Yiddish name of Kazimierz Dolny, a town in present-day Poland. Kuzmir is the name of a Hasidic dynasty founded by Rebbe Yechezkel Taub. Subway to the Country is the second album of American singer-songwriter David Ackles. This page provides supplementary chemical data on Terephthalic acid, the organic compound and one of three isomeric phthalic acids, all with formula C6H4(CO2H)2. WSCY is owned by local broadcaster Northeast Communications, headed by Jeff Fisher. WSCY is a radio station broadcasting a New Country format. Christophe Massina (born 11 January 1974) is a French judoka. From 1993 to 2005, the Marlins Television Network aired games to homes not only in South Florida but to other parts of Florida. Rafaela Aparicio (born Rafaela Díaz Valiente, April 9, 1906 in Marbella – June 9, 1996 in Madrid) was a famous Spanish film and theatre actress. A female arkhalig can also include a fur list along the edges, patterned laces and braids, or be decorated with gold embroidery. Kanojo wa Shisuta is a single released by The Pillows on April 17, 1992. Challenger Limited is an Australian diversified financial services company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. The Strâmtura River or Pârâul Ușorilor is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania. Rezin A. De Bolt (January 20, 1828 – October 30, 1891) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. The traditional Skoolies Vista-Dome bus is constructed by cutting the top off a VW Minibus and welding it to a matching hole in the roof of an old school bus. The term Vista-Dome for this type of Skoolies bus was coined by Lisa Steenson and Lori Dieda in their board game Redneck Life. A Vista-Dome is type of Skoolies bus conversion that was inspired by the original railway dome cars. EXFO is headquartered in Quebec City, Canada and has approximately over 1800 employees worldwide. EXFO is a company that designs and manufactures test and service assurance instruments for fixed and mobile telecom networks. Dr. Thrill is a manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka, published in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday from April 5, 1959 to September 6 of the same year. An arkhalig is a long tight-waist jacket made of various kinds of fabric, such as silk, satin, cloth, cashmere and velvet, traditionally depending on the social status of its owner. WECV is a radio station operated by Bott Radio Network, with a Christian talk/teaching format. The WNAZ call letters were officially changed to WECV several days later. WECV is also simulcast on translator stations 93.9 in Gallatin, 101.9 in Lebanon, and 99.5 in Clarksville. WNRZ is located at 91.5 FM and simulcasts WECV's programming. Paulus Manutius (1512–1574) was a Venetian printer with a humanist education, the third son of the famous printer Aldus Manutius and his wife Maria Torresano. Charles Germman Burton (April 4, 1846 – February 25, 1926) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Chemical elements up to the iron peak are produced in ordinary stellar nucleosynthesis. This is why we have more iron peak elements than in its neighbourhood. The iron peak is a local maximum in the vicinity of Fe on the graph of the abundances of chemical elements, as seen below. Wicked is the first single from rapper Ice Cube's third studio album The Predator. The arkhalig originated from the beshmet, a Turkic outer clothing later worn by Cossacks. 21st Producers Guild of America Awards February 22, 1969 Best Director — Motion Picture: The Lion in Winter The 21st Directors Guild of America Awards were given on 22 February 1969. The Colvin House is a house at 5940 North Sheridan Road in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Gaius Vitorius Hosidius Geta was a Roman who lived in the 1st century and 2nd century. Jan Klimek (born June 12, 1953) is a Polish politician, best known as a President of Democratic Party (Stronnictwo Demokratyczne) from 1998 to 2002. The Prix du Petit Couvert is a Group 3 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. Sandy Heath transmitting station is a television broadcast station located between Sandy, Bedfordshire and Potton near the B1042. Ralph Docker (31 August 1855 — 7 July 1910) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1879. Docker was born in Harborne, Staffordshire, the son of Ralph Docker and his wife Sarah Sankey. The County of Dalhousie is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles. Landolfshausen is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. In cold weather, a chokha is put on above an arkhalig. Ethel May Dixie (9 May 1876 in Seapoint, Cape Town – 11 October 1973 in Rondebosch, Cape Town) was a South African botanical artist. Nakama Chozo was a Kobayashi Shorin-ryu karate-do teacher known for his knowledge of karate history and generosity as a teacher. The Crossley telescope is an 36-inch reflecting telescope located at Lick Observatory in the U.S. state of California. María Fabiana Ríos is an Argentine politician of the party ARI (Afirmación para una República de Iguales, "Support for an Egalitarian Republic"). According to the backstory provided by the play, Sycorax, while pregnant with Caliban, was banished from her home in Algiers to the island on which the play takes place. Postcolonialist writers and critics see Sycorax as giving voice to peoples, particularly women, recovering from the effects of colonization. Relying on his filial connection to Sycorax, Caliban claims ownership of the island. Scholars generally agree that Sycorax, a foil for Prospero, is closely related to the Medea of Ovid's Metamorphoses. Prospero constantly reminds Ariel of Sycorax's cruel treatment in order to maintain the sprite's service. Memories of Sycorax, who dies several years before the main action of the play begins, define several of the relationships in the play. Male arkhaligs can be both single-breasted (done up with hooks) and double-breasted (done up with buttons). Göran von Otter (1907–1988) was a Swedish diplomat and friherre, best known for his service in Berlin during World War II. Jorge Masvidal (born November 12, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist of Cuban descent who trains with American Top Team. Robert Steven Rhine is an American writer and actor. Thiruppaan Alvar is one of the 12 Alvar saints of South India, who are known for their affiliation to Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism. "Lonely Avenue" is a popular song written by Doc Pomus that became a rhythm and blues hit for Ray Charles in 1956. The Eel River is a 3.9-mile river mostly in the village of Chiltonville in Plymouth, Massachusetts. Ptilopsaltis is a genus of moths in the Acrolophidae family. John Smythe Hall (August 7, 1853 – January 8, 1909) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and editor. Abekawa Station is a railway station in Suruga-ku, Shizuoka city, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, on the Tōkaidō Main Line. Thijs Joris Al (born on 16 June 1980 in Zaandam, North Holland) is a Dutch cyclist specializing in competitive mountain biking and cyclo-cross. Female arkhaligs are often ornamented and have tight long sleeves widening on the wrists. The medal of the Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang (Tentera) is worn as a neck decoration pendant from a ribbon. The Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang is the civil equivalent award. Terence Knox (born December 16, 1946) is an American actor. The New York Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed, scholarly journal. DirectLOGIC is a range of Programmable Logic Controllers produced by Koyo. Philip Reese Uhler (3 June 1835, Baltimore - 21 October 1913) was an American librarian and entomologist who specialised in Heteroptera. The Tupolev ANT-1 was Tupolev OKB's first aircraft, designed by Andrei Tupolev based on his work with aerosleighs and boats. Peter Sands (born 1 May 1924) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who briefly served as a member of the 22nd Seanad Éireann. Far Away is an album of dance songs by the Belgian trio Lasgo. "Oh Sheila" is a 1985 single by Ready for the World. Keisei Yawata Station is a railway station operated by Keisei Electric Railway's Keisei Main Line located in Ichikawa, Chiba Prefecture Japan. JasperReports is part of the Lisog open source stack initiative. JasperReports is an open source Java reporting tool that can write to a variety of targets, such as: screen, a printer, into PDF, HTML, Microsoft Excel, RTF, ODT, Comma-separated values or XML files. Ornithopus perpusillus or Bird’s-foot is a plant species of the genus Ornithopus. A similar event for women, the McConnell Cup, which takes place alongside the Rosenblum Cup was added in 1994. Rosenblum Cup is an Open Teams event held every four years as part of the World Bridge Championships. The Soldiers' Home is the last surviving building with exact association to the Civil War. The Soldiers' Home is an Italianate style house in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Di sma undar jordi, or simply di sma, are legendary vættir-like creatures found in folklore from the island of Gotland, Sweden. San Giovanni degli Eremiti (St. John of the Hermits) is a church in Palermo, southern Italy, near the Palazzo dei Normanni. Prince Lerotholi Seeiso (born 18 April 2007) is a member of the Royal Family of Lesotho. Yasuhito Morishima is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Oita Trinita in the J. League. Guy de la Bretaigne (1823–1874) was a critic, dandy, and man of letters. The Argel River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania. Stephen Sayre (1736–1818) was a member of a thousand-strong American community living in London at the time of the outbreak of the War of Independence in 1775. Mr. 3 Minutes is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Gordon Chan. George Stevenson should not be confused with Bob Stephenson, real name George Stephenson, former Derbyshire and Hampshire cricketer. Fernando Trueba (born 18 January 1955 in Madrid) is a Spanish book editor, screenwriter, film director and producer. The River Sessions is a live album by British melodic rock band Magnum, released in 2004. Valeriy Yakuzhin was a Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s. Haunted Homes is a British reality television series made by September Films Productions. Irina Tyukhay (born 14 January 1967) is a retired Russian heptathlete. However, three of Chicado V's sons—Triple Chick, Three Chicks, and The Ole Man—were her best known offspring; all three became leading sires and are the main cause of her fame. Flow Music is a Puerto Rican record label founded by DJ Nelson specializing in the reggaeton genre. The 1927–28 Ottawa Senators season was the club's 11th season in the NHL, 43rd overall. Tushar Khandekaris a field hockey player from Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India. An international human rights attorney and ordained Unitarian Universalist minister, Reverend Karen I. Tse works with Rule of Law initiatives across the globe. Karen I. Tse is a human rights defender and social entrepreneur. WIMZ-FM is a classic rock radio station based in Knoxville, Tennessee at 103.5 FM. The Inside Story is a now-defunct public affairs show aired on ABS-CBN from July 10, 1990 to November 10, 1998. Ebrahim Al Mishkhas is a Bahraini football defender. The Siemens Energy Sector was founded on January 1, 2008 as one of the four sectors of Siemens AG corporation. Henri de Verdun was bishop of Liège from 1075 to 1091. USS Project (AM–278) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. Chicado V (1950 – February 1972) was a Champion Quarter Horse race horse foaled (born) in 1950, and considered one of the outstanding broodmares of her breed. Geoffrey Boucicaut, was the brother of the illustrious marshal of France Jean le Maingre. The 2007 UEFA Super Cup was the 32nd UEFA Super Cup, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup competitions. Dr. Sabeel Ahmed is a suspect arrested after the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack. On 14 July 2007, British police charged Sabeel Ahmed with failing to disclose information that could have prevented an act of terrorism. "Blue Peter" is a single by musician Mike Oldfield, released in 1979. It is a rendition of the theme tune for the British children's television show Blue Peter and was used by the show between 1979 and 1989. The company initially started under the name Weaver Aircraft Company of Ohio but changed its name to the Waco Aircraft Company in 1928/29. The Waco Aircraft Company (WACO) was an aircraft manufacturer located in Troy, Ohio, USA. Samuel Alcock (1799–1848) was a leading pottery manufacturer based in Burslem, Staffordshire in the mid 19th century. Missbehave was a Brooklyn-based women's magazine that covered fashion, music, art and pop culture. Chicado V started only six times because knee problems cut short her racing career. Gebstedt is a village and a former municipality in the Weimarer Land district of Thuringia, Germany. Filippo Abbiati (1640–1715) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Lombardy and Turin. Abdou Alassane Dji Bo (born June 15, 1979) is a Nigerien judoka. The Salisbury is a Grade II* listed pub on Grand Parade in Harringay, north London. Mutiu Adegoke (born February 10, 1984 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian football Defender who currently plays for Dolphins F.C. "Heaven's Open" is a single by musician Mike Oldfield, released in 1991. Logan Martinez is also an anchor for the Green Party News Program. Logan Martinez is an American politician and activist who ran for the 2006 Ohio House of Representatives as a Green Party candidate. Eddie Gómez is an undefeated Honduran-American professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division. Bogdana Monastery is an Eastern Orthodox monastery in the town of Rădăuți, northern Romania. Are You Nervous? is an album by Rock Kills Kid, released on 25 April 2006 in the United States. O Pasquim is the name of a Brazilian periodical which was the first and most important to resist against the Brazilian military dictatorship. Michael Perry is an American college basketball coach and a current assistant men's basketball coach at East Carolina University. Avinita (469–529 CE) was the Western Ganga Dynasty king who ascended the throne after King Madhava III. In routing, the forwarding plane, sometimes called the data plane, defines the part of the router architecture that decides what to do with packets arriving on an inbound interface. Forwarding plane functions run in the forwarding element. Satyadeow Sawh (June 13, 1955 – April 22, 2006) was the Agriculture Minister of Guyana and prominent Hindu politician in Guyana. Satyadeow Sawh (known popularly as "Sash") was born in Central Mahaicony, East Coast Demerara, Guyana in 1955. First Person Singular is a play by Lewis Grant Wallace. Dienstweiler is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Vladislav Adolfovitch Rusanov (Ukrainian: Владислав Адольфович Русанов) is a Ukrainian fantasy writer, kandidat of geologic sciences. Stellaria crassifolia is a plant of the stellaria genus and found in Iceland. Lars Patrik Bodén is a retired male Swedish javelin thrower. Dragon'98 Special Live is an album of a live concert featuring a few of the solo artist who contributed song for the anime Dragon Ball Z which was held at Shibuya back in 1998. The Lynn Sailors were a class AA American minor league baseball team affiliated with the Seattle Mariners and Pittsburgh Pirates. Embroidery thread is yarn that is manufactured or hand-spun specifically for embroidery and other forms of needlework. Historically, stranded silk embroidery threads were described as sleaved or sleided in the sixteenth century. Completed in 1985, One California Plaza has 991,836 sq ft of office space. One California Plaza is a 176 m skyscraper located on the Bunker Hill District district of downtown Los Angeles, California. The tower is part of the California Plaza project, consists of two unique skyscrapers, One California Plaza and Two California Plaza. "Unstable" is the first single released from the Adema album, Unstable. Masao Azuma was a Japanese Grand Prix motorcycle road racer (born March 24, 1971 in Osaka, Japan) who competed in the 125cc class from 1996 to 2003. Jana Bode (born 1 March 1969) is a German luger who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s. Senapathy Gopalakrishnan, popularly known as Kris Gopalakrishnan is the Co-chairman of Infosys Technologies, a global consulting and IT services company based in India. Samolot was the Polish aerospace manufacturer, located in Poznań and active between 1924 and 1930. Horní Líštná is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic. Rohrbach, Birkenfeld is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Wolf Trap Light is a caisson lighthouse in the Virginia portion of the Chesapeake Bay, about seven and a half miles northeast of New Point Comfort Light. Hindmotor is a small town of Hooghly District, West Bengal, India, situated on the western bank of the river Ganges. Article the First (also referred to as the Congressional Apportionment Amendment) is the first proposed amendment to the United States Constitution though it has not been ratified. Slemdal is a station on the Holmenkollen Line of the Oslo Metro. Gibbs and Canning Limited was an English manufacturer of terracotta and, in particular, architectural terracotta, based in Glascote, Tamworth and founded in 1847. The village of Overschie was located on the intersection of four rivers called "Schie": the Delftsche Schie, Schiedamsche Schie, Delfshavensche Schie, and Rotterdamsche Schie. Project Genesis is a goatrance album produced by the Israeli project Message From God. Overschie is a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, Netherlands, formerly a separate village with its own municipality. José María Movilla Cubero (born 8 February 1975 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza mainly as a central midfielder. All of Me is a greatest hits album of recordings by Amii Stewart released in Europe in 1995. Param was defunct as Marigul was liquidated in May, 2003. Param is a video game development company that works in partnership with Nintendo. Rendezvous Mountain Educational State Forest is a North Carolina State Forest in Purlear, North Carolina. The Vice Chief of the Defence Force (VCDF) is the military deputy to the Chief of the Defence Force (CDF) of Australia, and acts as the CDF in his absence under standing acting arrangements. Hasan Adan Samatar is a prominent Somali singer, guitarist and theatrical performer. Wilmon Newell (4 March 1878 in Hull, Iowa - 25 October 1943 Gainesville, Ohio) was an American entomologist. The Agen Aqueduct is an aqueduct which carries the canal de Garonne across the Garonne. Southwest Wisconsin Technical College (also Southwest Tech) is a technical college in the Fennimore, Wisconsin area of the United States. The 2007 Twenty20 Cup was the fifth edition of the Twenty20 Cup tournament, which ran between 22 June and 4 August 2007. Nower Hill High School ranges from 11-18 year olds. Nower Hill High School is a secondary academy school with a Sixth Form, in Pinner in the London Borough of Harrow. HD 189733 b (or sometimes HD 189733 Ab) is an extrasolar planet approximately 63 light-years away in the constellation of Vulpecula. HD 189733 b was the first extrasolar planet to be mapped and the first to be discovered with carbon dioxide in its atmosphere. Hey Paula is an American reality series starring and co-produced by American television personality Paula Abdul that premiered on June 28, 2007 on the Bravo network. Neill Jameson is a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, hailing from Somers Point, N.J. , who has recorded and performed under the pseudonym N. Imperial (also Lord Imperial or simply Imperial). WRRK (96.9 BOB-FM) is a Variety Hits radio station serving the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market. Panagiotis Skagiopoulos was a Greek merchant and was a grape trader of a large company, the largest part that he help the philanthropic sentinel, a transaction that he done as he loved in Patras. "I Feel Like a Bullet (In the Gun of Robert Ford)" is a song on British pop singer Elton John's 1975 album Rock of the Westies. The People's Own MP is an Irish rebel song about Bobby Sands, one of the Irish hunger strikers. Sărmașu is a town in Mureș County, central Transylvania, Romania. Charles Johnson Maynard (1845 – October 15,1929) was an American naturalist and ornithologist born in Newton, Massachusetts. Those featured in The Sphere were by renowned artists including W. G. Whitaker and Montague Dawson. Thomas Hardy's short story A Changed Man was first published in The Sphere, in two instalments in the 21 and 28 April 1900 editions. Greytown railway station was the terminus of the Greytown Branch railway, which connected the Wairarapa town of Greytown in New Zealand’s North Island to Woodside on the Wairarapa Line. The Rosario Board of Trade (Spanish: Bolsa de Comercio de Rosario, BCR) is a non-profit making association based in Rosario, in the Province of Santa Fe, Argentina. Rudo y Cursi is the sixth top-grossing Mexican film of all time. Rudo y Cursi (Spanish, literally, "Rude and Tacky") is a 2008 Mexican film starring Diego Luna, Gael García Bernal and Guillermo Francella. Kamaloddin Jenab (كمال الدین جناب) was an Iranian pioneer physicist. United International University (Bengali: ইউনাইটেড আন্তর্জাতিক বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or UIU is a private university located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Second Spring is the 1969 album by Country rock/Folk rock musician Ian Matthews' band Matthews' Southern Comfort. Daniel Barbu (born May 21, 1957) is a Romanian political scientist, publisher, essayist, journalist, and professor at the University of Bucharest's Faculty of Political Science. Meteka marks the southern boundary of the Meteka Wetlands, a marshy portion of the lowlands of the Awash River. Let's Get the Mood Right is an album by singer Johnny Gill released in 1996. Let's Get the Mood Right is the first Motown album that Gill worked with someone other than his usual producers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and Babyface. Let's Get the Mood Right was a surprise success, given Andre Harrell's short and tumultuous tenure as the president and CEO of Motown Records. The Old Bank of Louisville is a National Historic Landmark in Louisville, Kentucky. The No. 6 Dance is the third album by blues band Five Horse Johnson. Currumbin Ecovillage is an innovative residential community that showcases best practices in residential ecologically sustainable development. The Beaneater is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci. Oreopanax dactylifolius is a shrub or small tree endemic to Mexico. Steven R. White is the professor of physics at the University of California at Irvine. Michael Joseph Gill (December 5, 1864 - November 1, 1918) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Jordan Metcalfe (born 24 May 1986) is an English actor. The term wheatberry or wheat berry refers to the entire wheat kernel (except for the hull), composed of the bran, germ, and endosperm. Café Europa is also another name for the Elvis Presley's G.I. Blues movie (1960). This article is about the book, for the 2006 Europe Day event see, Café Europe Café Europa: Life After Communism is a 1996 book by Slavenka Drakulić, the noted Croatian writer. Gideon Frank Rothwell (April 24, 1836 - January 18, 1894) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. "Now It Can Be Told" is a popular song written by Irving Berlin for the 1938 film Alexander's Ragtime Band, where it was introduced by Alice Faye and Don Ameche. The Davson Baronetcy, of Berbice in British Guiana, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It is sometimes called "Nous sommes chanteurs de sornettes" because the album is called "Malicorne" and that is the first track. The Mott Baronetcy, of Ditchling in the County of Sussex, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. The most widely accepted pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton (YHWH) is Yahweh, though Jehovah is used in many Bibles, but in few modern ones. The Red Corridor is a region in the east of India that experiences considerable Naxalite communist insurgency. The term tetragrammaton (from Greek τετραγράμματον, meaning "four letters") refers to the Hebrew theonym transliterated to the Latin letters YHWH. As Jews are forbidden to say or write the Tetragrammaton in full, when reading the Torah they use the term Adonai. The Samaritans understood the pronunciation for the Tetragrammaton to be Iabe. While YHWH is the usual transliteration of the tetragrammaton in English academic studies, the alternatives YHVH, JHVH and JHWH are also used. Rapzilla is a Christian hip hop online magazine, one of the top Christian Hip Hop websites. Zhou Suhong is a Chinese volleyball player, who was a member of the Chinese women's national team that won the gold medal at both the World Cup and the Athens Olympic Games. In November 1481 Ayas, a sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Herzegovina, attacked Novi and captured it probably at the end of January 1482. In 1878, Sanjak of Herzegovina was abolished as an administrative unit. In 1833, the Sanjak of Herzegovina was separated from the Eyalet of Bosnia and was transformed into separate Eyalet of Herzegovina. Sanjak of Herzegovina was initially part of the Eyalet of Rumelia but was soon appointed to the Eyalet of Bosnia following its establishment in 1580. The DuPont-Whitehouse House is an Italianate-style house located at 3558 South Artesian Avenue in the McKinley Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States. Sanjak of Herzegovina was an Ottoman administrative unit formed in 1462 with seat in Foča. After 1851, the two eyalets were merged, forming a new joint-entity known as Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Sanjak of Herzegovina was restored as one of its administrative units. The Far Side Gallery is an anthology of Gary Larson's The Far Side comic strips. Kurt Lockwood (born June 4, 1970 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American pornographic actor, model, and musician. Servais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France. Fermoselle has been named a Historic, Cultural, Artistic and Architectural Conjunct of the Patrimony of Spain as designated by The Commission of Spaniard Patrimony of Castille & León. The village of Fermoselle, which dates back more than 2,000 years to pre-Roman times, has been miraculously preserved throughout the ages. It is the birthplace of Juan de La Encina (his real name was Juan de Fermoselle), who is considered 'the father of Spanish theatre' by Oxford University. There are many priceless historic architectural treasures to be visited in Fermoselle. Fermoselle was deeply immersed, throughout the ages, in the labor of viticulture. WSBF-FM is a college radio station licensed to Clemson, South Carolina. Among the oldest family last names in the village of Fermoselle is the Garrido family, still resides atop the gigantic boulders facing the Duero River at the southwest corner of "La Ronda" heights. Fermoselle is a small medieval village located in the province of Zamora, western Spain, part of the region of Castile & Leon. This song is not connected to another Thin Lizzy song entitled "Sarah", written for Lynott's grandmother, from their second album, Shades of a Blue Orphanage. "Sarah" is a pop song released in 1979 by Irish rock group Thin Lizzy, included on their album, Black Rose: A Rock Legend. Markus Schiegl (born 07.06.1975 in Kufstein) is an Austrian luger who has competed from 1987 to 2010. USS Sederstrom (DE-31) was a Evarts-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy during World War II. Tin Huey is an experimental rock and New Wave band from Akron, Ohio that formed in the mid/late 1970s. Bill Perkins (July 22, 1924 – August 9, 2003) was a cool jazz saxophonist and flutist popular on the West Coast jazz scene, known primarily as a tenor saxophonist. The Birds' Christmas Carol is a novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin written and published in 1887 and illustrated by Katharine R. Wireman. William Paulet, 3rd Marquess of Winchester (1532 – 24 November 1598) was the son of John Paulet, 2nd Marquess of Winchester and Elizabeth Willoughby. Filippo Carobbio (born 15 October 1979) is an Italian footballer. The Secret Battle is a novel by A. P. Herbert, first published in 1919. Tele5 is Polish commercial television station owned by Polcast Television. City of Bath College is a Further Education college in the centre of Bath, Somerset, England. Ashraf Marwan (2 February 1944 - 27 June 2007) was an Egyptian billionaire and alleged spy for Israel, or possibly an Egyptian double agent. Peach Blossom Weeps Tears of Blood is a 1931 silent film written and directed by Bu Wancang. Sahuaripa is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Sonora. Cold Cold Heart is the name of an alternative country band from Massachusetts. Tomislav Crnković (17 June 1929 – 17 January 2009) was a Croatian footballer. Seán Mackin is an Irish republican from Belfast, Northern Ireland and a fundraiser for the Friends of Sinn Féin (FOSF). Seán Mackin was not granted asylum (as is sometimes misreported) but was granted "suspension of deportation", a different (and, ironically, faster) route to permanent residency and U.S. citizenship. The Cat Who Wished to Be a Man (1973) is a children's comic fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander. A Day at the Beach is the second LP by Chicago group Sonia Dada. Sir John Hawkins Hagarty (17 September 1816 - 27 April 1900) was a Canadian lawyer, teacher, and judge. Puzzle contests are popular competitions in which the objective is to solve a puzzle within a given time limit, and to obtain the best possible score among all players. In ancient Rome, res divinae, singular res divina (Latin for "divine matters," that is, the service of the gods), were the laws that pertained to the religious duties of the state and its officials. Res divina is an example of ancient Roman religious terminology that was taken over and redefined for Christian purposes, in this case by Augustine. In Augustinian usage, res divina is a "divine reality" as represented by a sacrum signum ("sacred sign") such as a sacrament. He makes no attempt to develop an internally consistent system in which the rituals of res divinae might be modified by “higher truths” of doctrine or revelation. Cicero, who was both a senator and augur, investigates the nature of res divinae and res humanae (human affairs) in his treatise De natura deorum ("On the nature of the gods"). Res divina also means, as a technical term, ritual sacrifice. IWannaDoItWithADonna is a single released on vinyl in 2003 by Australian deathgrind/rock band Blood Duster and was the second single to be released from their self-titled album. The Pig Scrolls (2004), by Paul Shipton, is a young adult comedy adventure novel about a talking pig (Gryllus) and his endeavours to save the world. Only one sheet long, 4Q175 is a collection of scriptural quotations seemingly connected to a messianic figure. 4Q175 (or 4QTest), also known as The Testimonia, is one of the Dead Sea Scrolls and was found in Cave 4 at Qumran in the West Bank. The centre is situated on Place d'Italie and is above Place d'Italie metro station. Italie 2 is the name of a large shopping centre in Paris' south east in the 13th arrondissement. Thomas Tragust is a goaltender for Italy at the 2006 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships and the Texas Tornado of the NAHL. Ambush at Cimarron Pass is a 1958 Western film directed by Jodie Copelan, starring Scott Brady and Clint Eastwood (third billed, later first billed upon reissue). Kweekvijver is a TMF program where a jury is seeking for new talented musicians and directors. Deinste is a municipality in the district of Stade, Lower Saxony, Germany. At 518 feet (158 meters), Hellhole is the deepest of several caves in the Valley. Many basic caving techniques were developed in Hellhole's 154-foot (47 meter) entrance drop. Kellen Damico (born March 16, 1989 in Torrance, California, USA) is a former high-ranking junior tennis player. Hellhole has had a long and storied association with the National Speleological Society dating back to the creation of that organization in the early 1940s. Hellhole is a large and deep pit cave in Germany Valley, eastern West Virginia. Bötersen belonged to the Prince-Bishopric of Verden, established in 1180. Bötersen is a municipality in the district of Rotenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Metro Naga is a metropolitan area in the Bicol Region of the Philippines, centering around the City of Naga and includes 14 neighboring municipalities of Camarines Sur province. Metro Naga comprise about 40% of the total population of the province, while covering 22.9% of the province in area. Xichú is a Mexican city located in the Northeast region of the state of Guanajuato. In pre-Hispanic times the area was known as Maxichú or "Sisterhood of my grandmother" by the mostly Chichimeca inhabitants. Hits 93 Volume 2 is a 20-track compilation album released by Telstar Records and BMG in Spring 1993. José Sacristán (born 27 September 1937) is a Spanish film, theatre and television actor. The nuclear receptor coactivator 2 is a transcriptional coregulatory protein that contains several nuclear receptor interacting domains and an intrinsic histone acetyltransferase activity. The Aprieș River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania. The DU145 cell line was derived from brain metastasis. DU145 cells have moderate metastatic potential compared to PC3 cells which have high metastatic potential. DU145 are not hormone sensitive and don’t express PSA. DU145 (DU-145) and PC3 human prostate cancer cell lines are the "classical" cell lines of prostatic cancer. Paul C. Barth (1858 – August 21, 1907) was Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1905 to 1907. Some of the earliest recorded Texas wines were produced by Spanish missionaries in the 1650s near El Paso. The Notre Dame Rugby Football Club is the official rugby football club at the University of Notre Dame. The USS Boulder (LST-1190) was named after a county and city in Colorado. The United States Capitol crypt is the large circular room filled with forty neoclassical Doric columns directly beneath the United States Capitol rotunda. ASPECT Magazine is a biannual DVD magazine showcasing new media art. The William and Jessie M. Adams House is a Prairie school style house located at 9326 South Pleasant Avenue in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The Daniel Hale Williams House is the former home of Dr. Daniel Hale Williams (1856-1931), one of the first major African American surgeons. Droom were a Canadian electronic music duo formed in 2002 in Vancouver that combined elements of futurepop, synthpop, post punk and gothic rock. Bernard Sydney Sadler better known as Joey Sadler (July 14, 1914 – 26 June 2007) played rugby union for the All Blacks at scrum half in 1935-36. The 2007–08 New York Knicks season was the 62nd season of NBA basketball in New York City, New York. Fire Star is a 2005 novel by an English author, Chris D'Lacey. Čačak-Preljina Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Чачак-Прељина or Раван, Aerodrom Čačak-Preljina or Ravan) is an airport situated in the vicinity of the hippodrome in Čačak, Serbia. Order in the Court is the fourth studio album by American rapper Queen Latifah, released on June 16, 1998 in the United States on Motown Records. Star East is a Hong Kong production and entertainment company founded by Eric Tsang, Natalis Chan and Alan Tam and parent company of the film and TV production company BoB and Partners Co. There are plans to change Mornings @ GMA after plugs are airing at commercial breaks. The 1988 Coupe de France Final was a football match held at Parc des Princes, Paris on June 11, 1988, that saw FC Metz defeat FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in a penalty shoot out. Onias II (Hebrew חוֹנִיּוֹ Ḥōniyyō Honio or Honiyya ben Shimon; Greek Onias Simonides) was the son of Simon the Just. Mornings @ GMA was a morning show in the Philippines, broadcast on GMA Network from April 13, 1998 to December 3, 1999. IcyOwl is an Open Source C++ Integrated Development Environment(IDE) distributed under GNU General Public License. IcyOwl is Cross-Platform, which means that it runs on many Operating System such as Microsoft Windows and Linux. The Albota River is a tributary of the Arpaș River in Romania. Dee Vazquez is a TV/radio personality from New York City. Common current ultrashort pulse laser technologies include Ti-sapphire lasers and dye lasers. An ultrashort pulse laser is a laser that emits ultrashort pulses of light, generally of the order of femtoseconds to ten picoseconds. Ivan Čvorović is a Serbian-born Bulgarian goalkeeper who currently plays for Ludogorets Razgrad, after joining from Minyor Pernik in May 2012. François-Désiré Mathieu was a French Bishop and Cardinal. Rob Simmelkjaer is an American lawyer and television journalist. The Ateneo Law Journal is an academic journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at Ateneo Law School. Chingshui Cliff (清水斷崖) is a 21 kilometer length of coastal cliffs averaging 800 meters above sea level. HMS Teredo was a British submarine of the third group of the T class. Plax is the name of a manufacturing factory that was located in Stonington, Connecticut. Krummendeich is a municipality in the district of Stade, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Anders Lundegård was born in Växjö, Sweden, and made his debut at seventeen as a soloist and broadcast performer during a youth artist festival in Stockholm. Raja Bhalindra Singh was an Indian first class cricketer and Maharajkumar of Patiala. The Exploder was a hardcore punk band from Richmond, VA. "Salimos de Aquí" is a song written and composed by Puerto Rican rock band Fiel A La Vega. Sergei Korostin (Сергей Коростин in Russian) is a Russian ice hockey forward currently playing for the HC Dynamo Tver of the Vysshaya Hokkeinaya Liga. Dudley Blair Menzies was a Canadian engineer and politician. The Invester (1969–2002) was a Quarter Horse stallion who excelled at halter and at western pleasure, as well as being a famous sire of western pleasure horses. The 1922 Junior TT Race was won by local Isle of Man competitor Tom Sheard riding an AJS motor-cycle at an average race speed of 54.75 mph. Allan Maitland is a Scottish football manager recently in charge of Alloa Athletic. Francisca Senhorinha da Motta Diniz (São João del Rey, Minas Gerais) was a Brazilian teacher who played an important role in feminism. Waxweiler is a municipality in the county of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany. Centro Desportivo Universitário de Lisboa or CDUL is a Portuguese multisports club for Lisbon's university students, including those from the University of Lisbon and others. Wandsworth was the name of a borough constituency in the Wandsworth area of South London. "All That I Need Is to Be Loved" is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was first featured on the 1993 EP Move as "All That I Need Is to Be Loved (MV)" and was later released as a 12" vinyl single. The Wright Axcess-Ultralow is a low-floor single-deck bus body built on the Scania L113CRL chassis by Wrightbus between 1995 and 1998. New Britain High School is a public high school in New Britain, Connecticut, United States, part of New Britain Public Schools. The Fire Eternal is a 2007 novel by an English author, Chris d'Lacey. The fiery flying serpent is a creature mentioned in the Book of Isaiah . Exquisite examples of opium lamps crafted from Peking glass are highly sought after by collectors. Opium lamps were usually crafted from one or more types of metal such as silver, brass or paktong, an alloy also known as nickel silver. Small-scale production of opium lamps continued in Hong Kong and parts of Southeast Asia including Vietnam until the mid-1960s. The opium lamp's distinctive chimney was made from glass. An opium pipe, its pipe-bowl primed with a small dose of opium known as a "pill," was held over the opium lamp causing the opium to vaporize and allowing the smoker to inhale the vapors. Due to opium eradication campaigns in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, antique opium lamps are now exceedingly rare. Opium lamps were crafted mainly in China before the communist revolution in 1949 brought opium smoking to an abrupt halt there. An opium lamp is an oil lamp designed specifically to facilitate the vaporization and inhalation of opium. Opium lamps differ from conventional lamps for lighting in that they are designed to channel an exact amount of heat upward through their funnel-shaped chimneys. After writing The Fire Eternal, d'Lacey has written Dark Fire, Fire World, and is now working on The Fire Ascending. The 2007–08 Atlanta Thrashers season began on October 5, 2007. MovieMaker's core readership consists of all levels of working moviemakers; editorial content reports from the independent, digital and studio sectors. MovieMaker is an American magazine focused on the art and business of making movies with a special emphasis on independent film. In January 2013, the MovieMaker Web site is being relaunched with a new design and new features such as embedded video, greater interactivity and more frequent news updates. Lagarde-Paréol is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. The The Royal Mallows is a fictional Irish regiment mentioned in the works of Arthur Conan Doyle. Margot at the Wedding is a 2007 tragicomedy written and directed by Noah Baumbach. The Prix Chloe is a Group 3 flat horse race in France open to three-year-old thoroughbred fillies. The Xbox 360 Controller is the primary controller for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console and was introduced at E3 2005. The Xbox 360 controller comes in both wired and wireless versions. USS Howard W. Gilmore (AS-16) was a Fulton-class submarine tender, originally named Neptune but renamed Howard W. Gilmore in honor of Commander Howard W. Gilmore, a Medal of Honor recipient. Westminster Independent School District is a former school district which served the now-disincorporated community of Westminster, Texas. The Puget Sound King crab, Lopholithodes mandtii, is a species of king crab which lives in the oceans off the Pacific coast of North America from Alaska to central California. Ben Deily is an American musician and songwriter, most famous as one of the founders, writers and lead singers of the Boston-based alternative rock band The Lemonheads. Pennsylvania Route 863 is a state highway in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. Hyalophane or jaloallofane is a crystalline mineral with chemical formula (K,Ba)[Al(Si,Al)Si2O8] and a hardness of 6 – 6½. Hyalophane has a monoclinic crystallography, with cell properties a = 8.52 Å, b = 12.95 Å, c = 7.14 Å, and β = 116°. Hyalophane comes from the Greek hyalos, meaning "glass", and phanos meaning "to appear". An occurrence of hyalophane was discovered in 1855 in Lengenbach Quarry, Imfield, in the municipality of Binn, Switzerland. USS Success (AM-310) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. Djurdjura is a mountain range situated in Kabylie within the Djurdjura National Park. "Misery" is a 1995 song performed by the Minneapolis rock band Soul Asylum. Lalla Fatma N'Soumer was among the last to surrender, retreating to a village hidden by the hardest peaks of Djurdjura, Takhlijt n At Aadsou, near Tirourda hill. Swamp Thing: The Series, is a science fiction, action/adventure television series based on the DC Comics character Swamp Thing. In Pakistan there is clan of called the Sahu Jat, who also claim descent from the Sahu clan. LIM homeobox transcription factor 1-beta, also known as LMX1B, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the LMX1B gene. Ajay Bobby Chawla (born 2 December 1982) is a Danish cricketer. Luculia is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. For the convicted murderer, see Mumia Abu-Jamal Mummia, Mumia, or "Mummy" is either a substance used in the embalming of mummies, or a powder made from ground mummies, used as a "medical preparation". Nevertheless, this erroneous notion caused the belief that all mummies contained large amounts of asphaltum in their making. In ancient times it was used to fill out the body cavities of some Egyptian mummies. The former sense relates to substances such as "asphaltum", bitumen, or "mineral pitch" or carabe which have in the past been used as one of the ingredients in the preservation process of mummies. Trent Willmon is the eponymous debut album from American country music artist Trent Willmon. Miss Teen USA 1989, the seventh Miss Teen USA pageant, was televised live from San Bernardino, California on July 25, 1989. The 1982 Coupe de France Final was a football match held at Parc des Princes, Paris on May 15, 1982, that saw Paris Saint-Germain FC defeat AS Saint-Étienne in a penalty shoot out. WRIX-FM is a talk radio station located in the Upstate region of South Carolina under the name "103.1 WRIX". Rosehill Intermediate is located in Papakura, Auckland, New Zealand. Heterodera cajani (Pigeonpea cyst nematode, Cowpea cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode, who is cited as an invasive species. Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia (CSN Philadelphia) is a regional sports network operated by the locally-owned Comcast cable television provider, part of the NBC Sports Group. This subject was born upon a recommendation of the Council of Europe that states the necessity of education for citizenship, in order to promote civic and human values. Education for Citizenship and Human Rights (Spanish: Educación para la Ciudadanía y los Derechos Humanos, abbr. As of January 2009, the Spanish Supreme Court has ruled that attendance of the Education for Citizenship course will be mandatory for all students. The 1994 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Championship was the twelfth edition of the tournament, organised by the world's governing body, the FIVB. The Irish Council for Social Housing (ICSH) is a national social housing federation representing over 300 housing associations across Ireland. António Mendes Belo was born at São Pedro, Gouveia,, Portugal, son of Miguel Mendes Belo and wife Rosalina dos Santos de Almeida da Mota. António Mendes Belo (18 June 1842 – 5 August 1929) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Patriarch of Lisbon. The Sloe Hairstreak (Satyrium acaciae) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The 2001 Women's European Volleyball Championship was the 22nd edition of the event, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball. In command of this legion and the other cohorts, he put Quintus Titurius Sabinus and Lucius Aurunculeius Cotta. Lucius Aurunculeius Cotta (died 54 BC) – officer in the Gallic army of Gaius Julius Caesar. Zakia Zaki (died June 6, 2007) was an Afghan female journalist. ExpertDesk is developed by Mansystems B.V. of The Netherlands. ExpertDesk is a service management solution, based on the ITIL philosophy, and compliant with ITIL-related process models like ISM and IPW. ExpertDesk Service Management was the first application to support ISM, an ITIL-based service management framework. Dedicato a mio padre is an album by Italian singer Mina, released in 1967. Service forces were under the ComServPac were known as ServPac or SERVPAC. Service Forces, United States Pacific Fleet, usually known as COMSERVPAC, was a service support command of the United States Pacific Fleet from 1942 until 1973. 29 East 32nd Street also known as Old Grolier Club or Gilbert Kiamie House, was originally the Grolier Club building when it was built in 1889. Le Pain Quotidien is a restaurant group founded in Brussels in 1990 by Alain Coumont. Abatte Barihun is an Israeli jazz saxophonist and composer. Twisted Souls is a horror novel written by Shaun Hutson. "Let's Take an Old-Fashioned Walk" is a popular song written by Irving Berlin and published in 1949. On October 24, 2006, Satomi released "Heartbreaker" single in the UK with simultaneous releases in the UK and Japan iTunes stores. Satomi' (born March 7, 1989) is a Japanese pop singer. Benjamin Franklin Bradley (October 5, 1825 – January 22, 1897) was a politician in the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. "Dancing with Mr. D. " has been performed by the Stones only on their 1973 tour of Europe. Onias is said to have died, almost simultaneously with his nephew Joseph, during the reign of Seleucus IV Philopator, hence about 181 BCE. Dream Match Tennis is a 2006 tennis simulation game developed by Bimboosoft, a company based in Saitama, Japan. Unlike other games in its genre, Dream Match Tennis was aimed to produce a more realistic depiction of the sport, requiring more skill from the player in order to direct their shots accurately. Grider Field is a city-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southeast of the central business district of Pine Bluff, a city in Jefferson County, Arkansas, United States. Finschhafen is a town located 50 miles east of Lae on the Huon Peninsula in Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea. Neverland is an EP released in 1996 by the musician Tim Skold. Alexander Samuel MacLeod (1888–1956), also known as A. S. MacLeod, was a painter and printmaker. USS Eisner (DE-192) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. William Lodge (July 4, 1649 – 1689) was an English engraver and printmaker of the Baroque period. The Tait trains, also referred to as the "Red Rattlers", were a wooden bodied Electric Multiple Unit train that operated on the suburban railway network of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The trains derived their name from Sir Thomas James Tait, the chairman of commissioners of the Victorian Railways from 1903 to 1910. "Dancing with Mr. D. " is the opening track of rock and roll band The Rolling Stones' 1973 album Goats Head Soup. Spizellomycetalean chytrids are essentially ubiquitous zoospore-producing fungi found in soils where they decompose pollen. "Old Man in New World" is a short story by Olaf Stapledon, published as a separate volume by George Allen and Unwin in 1944. Dave Sirulnick is the executive vice president for Multiplatform Production, News and Music at MTV. The Desert View Drive is a scenic road located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. CGA centralices all the support to the schools network and creates solutions adapted to the Andalusian teachers and pupils needs. CGA was created to isolate technical problems implicit in the ICT use and to let the users develop teaching activities. CGA (Advanced Management Centre) manages the Andalusian ICT schools Network. The Chair of St Augustine or Cathedra Augustini represents one of the most ancient extant cathedrae in use. Mika Horiuchi (born April 22, 1986) is a Japanese/American musician. Air Kuning Selatan is a small town between Gemencheh and Gemas in the state of Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia. Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Dancing with Mr. D. " is a brooding rocker in line with much of the Stones' funk inspired recordings from the Goats Head Soup era. Ishioka Station is a railway station on the Jōban Line in Ishioka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). Officials confirmed on 27 July that Shambo had been slaughtered. "Shambo" (c.2001 – 26 July 2007) was a black Friesian bull living in the Hindu Skanda Vale Temple near Llanpumsaint in Wales, who had been adopted by the local Hindu community as a sacred animal. Veterinarians arrived at the temple at 08:50 on 26 July accompanied by police and other officials, but without a cattle truck to remove Shambo. Skanda Vale was notified that Shambo would be taken away for slaughter on 26 July 2007 at 8 am. Road Raja was a reality show broadcast on Sky One in 2004. Set in Mumbai, the series followed six celebrities as they completed a number of driving tasks in and around the city, culminating in the Road Raja Grand Prix - a mad dash around the city. Recently, Straumann entered the fast-growing field of restorative dentistry through the acquisition of etkon, an emerging force in CAD/CAM based tooth replacement. Headquartered in Basel, Switzerland, the Straumann Group acts in implant and restorative dentistry and oral tissue regeneration. Straumann offers surgical, restorative and regenerative solutions - from bone augmentation and tissue regeneration, through implants and prosthetics, to individualized crowns and bridges. Patrick White (born January 20, 1989) is an American ice hockey center who currently plays with the Hannover Indians in the Bundesliga. "The Ghost Talks" is the twenty-first episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre. Ultra Living is the fraternal team of Takuma Nonaka and Tetsushi Nonaka. Charles Henderson High School is a grades 9-12 high school located in the city of Troy, Alabama. Money from Henderson’s trust has been used to fund Charles Henderson High School, Charles Henderson Middle School, and The Charles Henderson Child Health Care Center. The C compiler was first named Datalight C compiler, then Zorland C, then Zortech C, and now Digital Mars C/C++ compiler. The C++ compiler was first named Zortech C++ (the first commercial C++ compiler for Windows), then Symantec C++, and now Digital Mars C++ (DMC++). Oettern is a municipality in the Weimarer Land district of Thuringia, Germany. Hiptage benghalensis, often simply called Hiptage, is a perennial, evergreen liana native to India, Southeast Asia and the Philippines. Michael Hunter Jr. (born July 10, 1988) is an American heavyweight boxer who won the National Super Heavyweight championships in 2007 and 2009. "Heavy Weather" is the 4th song on Jarvis Cockers debut solo album, Jarvis. "Mein Blut" (German for "My blood") is the first single from German industrial metal group Eisbrecher from their self-titled album, and their first single overall. D'Overbroeck's College d’Overbroeck’s College is a co-educational independent school in Oxford, England, for pupils aged 11–18. Miss Pittsburgh was an Waco 9 airplane, using a Curtiss OX-5 engine. Miss Pittsburgh is a historic airplane known for making an airmail flight from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Cleveland, Ohio on April 21, 1927, the first such flight between those cities. The Cut Direct is a novel that was published in 1938 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. Janneke Ensing (born September 21, 1986, Gieten) is a Dutch speed skater who is specialised in short and middle distances. Joseph Gist (January 12, 1775 – March 8, 1836) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina. Operation Kheibar was an Iranian offensive in the Iran-Iraq War. The Hitchcock House is a house at 5704 W. Ohio Street in the Austin neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States. All Banjani families has Jovanjdan as their protector St. John the Baptist day - January 20 slava, in the tradition of the Serbian Orthodox Church. Banjani is a Montenegrin tribe of Montenegro and region located in western Montenegro, of which territory comprises 380 km², west of Nikšić. In a brownout, the pilot cannot see nearby objects which provide the outside visual references necessary to control the aircraft near the ground. Richard Graham Frost (December 29, 1851 - February 1, 1900) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Zamudio Sociedad Deportiva is a Spanish football team based in Zamudio, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Sir George Villiers, of Brokesby (1550 – 4 January 1606) was a minor member of the English gentry, notable as the father of the royal favourite George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. The Lethings were a dynasty of Lombard kings ruling in the 5th and 6th centuries until 546. Under the Lethings, too, the Lombards, who had thitherto wandered around northern Europe, migrated south to the Danube and Pannonia. The Lethings were elected by an assembly of warriors. The Lething were displaced when the child ruler Walthari was killed by his regent, Audoin, who then assumed the throne, inaugurating the Gausi dynasty. In 510, the reigning Lething, Tato, was displaced by his nephew, Wacho, and thereafter until 546 a cadet branch of the original house ruled. Gevrik is a soft, full-fat goat's milk cheese produced in Trevarrian near Newquay on the north Cornish coast, in southwest England. Singles is a 2003 romantic comedy film from South Korea, starring Jang Jin-young, Uhm Jung-hwa and Lee Beom-soo, and based on the novel Christmas at Twenty-Nine by Japanese writer Kamato Toshio. The brownout phenomenon causes accidents during helicopter landing and take-off operations in arid desert terrain. HMS Tiptoe was a British submarine of the third group of the T class. Excuses for Travellers is the third album by Mojave 3, released by 4AD on 15 May 2000 in the UK and September 5, 2000 in the US. Genki o Dashite is the 1st track on Japanese actress/singer Hiroko Yakushimaru's 1984 debut album Kokinshū . Forbidden Paradise 3: The Quest for Atlantis is the third album in the Forbidden Paradise series. The USS Hampden County (LST-803) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. On 1 July 1955 LST-803 was named USS Hampden County (LST-803). Jeremy Reed is a Jersey-born writer, poet and prose stylist. The Anieș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania. Minacantalucio is an album by Italian singer Mina, originally distributed back to back with album La Mina. Rabi`ah purported patriarch of one of the two main branches of the so-called "North Arabian" tribes, the other branch being known as Mudhar. Pilots have compared landing during brownouts to parallel parking an automobile with one's eyes closed. Anz inhabited southern Arabia, and are said to have been decimated by the plague in the 13th century, though a tribe named "Rabi`ah" in modern-day 'Asir is said to be its descendant. Around Wattala, there are many villages and towns. Wattala is a large suburb of Colombo city, in Western Province, Sri Lanka, a little distance from Colombo city centre. For example, in the UK, career counseling would usually be referred to as careers advice or guidance. The focus of career counseling is generally on issues such as career exploration, career change, personal career development and other career related issues. Around the globe, countless definitions, concepts and terminology exist for career counseling - particularly due to cultural and linguistic differences. More specific roles and activities associated with career counseling are explained below. Career counseling, career guidance and career coaching are similar in nature to other types of counseling or coaching, e.g. marriage or psychological counseling. St. Mary Star of the Sea, a Roman Catholic church, is located at the crest of Prospect Street, Newport, Vermont, overlooking Lake Memphremagog. WXSM also broadcasts Tennessee Titans NFL games, Atlanta Braves MLB, plus King College Tornado and Tennessee High School games. Brownouts have claimed more helicopters in recent military operations than all other threats combined. WXSM is a radio station serving the Tri-Cities, Tennessee vicinity with a sports format as a CBS Sports Radio affiliate. Víctor Unamuno Ibarzabal (born May 25, 1909, date of death unknown) was a Spanish footballer who played for Real Betis. Konzum stores can also be found in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia. Konzum d.d. is Croatia's largest supermarket chain with just over 700 stores open in Croatia and has more than 12,000 employees. Konzum also founded drugstores known as KOZMO in July 2005, which was sold December 31, 2009 to the Nexus ALPHA fund, and at that time was owned 42 stores with 242 employees. USS Summit County (LST-1146) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Agathenburg is a municipality in the district of Stade, Lower Saxony, Germany. Two concrete stairways with tinted acrylic glass canopies lead from the East 116th bridge over the tracks down to the platforms. East 116th is a station on the RTA Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of East 116th Street and Shaker Boulevard. In aviation, a brownout (or brown-out) is an in-flight visibility restriction due to dust or sand in the air. The station comprises side platforms below grade in the median of Shaker Boulevard west of East 116th Street. Orange Then Blue is an experimental big band from Boston, Massachusetts led by drummer George Schuller. Oberkirn is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Winfried Hassemer (born 17 February 1940), is a German criminal law scholar. Microsoft Sync Framework is a data synchronization platform from Microsoft that can be used to synchronize data across multiple data stores. Tiempo de Silencio (English: Time of Silence) is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a well-regarded novel written by Luis Martín-Santos. Central Atlas Tamazight had no known significant writing tradition until the 20th century. Central Atlas Tamazight is one of the most-spoken Berber languages, along with Kabyle, Shilha, Riff, and Shawiya, and in Morocco it rivals Shilha as the most-spoken. Garten is a populated island in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The main population center on the island is also referred to as the village of Garten. "Johnny and Mary" is a song written by Robert Palmer and was recorded in 1980 at Compass Point Studios, New Providence, in the Bahamas. Maydh (also transliterated as Mait or Meit) is an ancient port city in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia. Hohlstedt is a former municipality in the Weimarer Land district of Thuringia, Germany. Modelled on the The Horse Trust in Speen, Buckinghamshire, England, Living Legends is a charitable organisation which relies on private and corporate donations and sponsorships. The Ship That Died of Shame released in the United States as PT Raiders is a black-and-white 1955 Ealing Studios crime film starring George Baker, Richard Attenborough and Bill Owen. It was later published in a collection of short stories, The Ship That Died of Shame and other stories, 1959. Tamaz Pertia (born 23 December 1974) is a former Georgian football midfielder, currently a manager with Skonto Riga in the Latvian Higher League. Neuro Hunter is a cyberpunk-themed first-person shooter/role-playing video game developed by Media Art and published by Deep Silver. Brian Simon (26 March 1915 – 17 January 2002) was an English educationist and historian. Kabatepe, or Gaba Tepe, is a headland overlooking the northern Aegean Sea in what is now the Gallipoli Peninsula Historical National Park, on the Gallipoli peninsula in northwestern Turkey. KEVA Planks are wooden block toys for children and adults. Shancheng District is situated close to "Old Hebi" Town in Hebi, Henan Province, China. "Johnny and Mary" only went to #44 on the UK Singles Chart, but did reach #18 on Billboard's Club Play Singles chart. Rail transport in Europe is characterised by its diversity, both technical and infrastructural. Juan Bautista de Zengotita Bengoa (September 13, 1735 – November 1, 1802) was the Roman Catholic bishop of San Juan, Puerto Rico, from 1795-1802. Juan Bautista de Zengotita Bengoa was born in Bérriz, Spain on September 13, 1735. "Who Am I" is a song by Christian rock band Casting Crowns. USS Harold C. Thomas (DE-21) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort constructed for the United States Navy during World War II. "Whatcha Gonna Do About It" is the debut single released by the English R&B, mod group Small Faces, released in the UK on 6 August 1965. The Album produced 2 singles (“Too Much Stereo" and "Four Letters and Two Words") and sold 125,00 copies. Just Who I Am: Poets & Pirates is the twelfth studio album by country music artist Kenny Chesney. Hamile is a village in the Upper West Region, far northwestern Ghana, not far from the border with Burkina Faso. Central Lafourche High School (CLHS) is a public high school serving students in grades 9 through 12 in Mathews, Louisiana, USA about 45 miles southwest of New Orleans. "Johnny and Mary" was used as the signature tune in advertisements promoting Renault cars throughout the 1980s and 1990s. The 1957 Scottish League Cup Final was a football match played on 19 October 1957 at Hampden Park, in which Celtic beat rivals Rangers in a record 7–1 victory. Established in June 1970 in the heart of the Etzion bloc, Alon Shvut became the prototype for Jewish settlements in the region. Alon Shvut is an Israeli settlement located southwest of Jerusalem, one kilometer northeast of Kfar Etzion, in the West Bank. In 2010, Alon Shvut had a population of 700 families. The Universal Channel (formerly Hallmark Channel) is an Australian cable and satellite television channel, owned and operated by Universal Networks International. Eintracht Wetzlar is a German association football club based in Wetzlar, Hesse. Montenegrin Water Polo Cup is a national water polo cup played in Montenegro. The Frank R. Lillie House is the former home of American embryologist Frank R. Lillie. Wim Van Huffel (born 28 May 1979 in Oudenaarde) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team Team WorldofBike. gr. Operation Bretagne was a French Union military operation between 1 December 1952 and 4 January 1953, during the First Indochina War. Allmusic suggests that "Johnny and Mary" was the inspiration for Rod Stewart's later hit "Young Turks". Fat Boost is the third mini-album by punk rock band Bomb Factory. HMS Tigris (N63) was a T-class submarine of the Royal Navy. Active EMI Reduction refers to techniques such as spread spectrum clocking to reduce the effects of electromagnetic interference or EMI. Known as the Palomino Express, Kaweah Bar (born 1966) racked up impressive stats on the Quarter Horse racetracks. Revue des Études Juives is a French quarterly academic journal of Jewish studies, established in July 1880 at the École pratique des hautes études, Paris by the Société des Études Juives. The Mullagori (or Malagori) are a Pashtun tribe who inhabit the Khyber Agency, one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. DJ Da Rock (Arne Christian Felix Schuldt, born June 11, 1981) is a German hip-hop musician, famous for doing scratches for German movie soundtracks. Medicine Trail is the third solo album by country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan. Francisco Quisumbing is a Filipino chemist known for being the inventor of Quink ink used by The Parker Pen Company. Now Winter 2007 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in 2007. The Rossendale Forest is the area of hills in Lancashire, England between the Manchester basin and the upper Ribble valley. The Plague Court Murders is the first Sir Henry Merrivale mystery, by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977), who wrote it under the name of Carter Dickson. Četvrti Jul is a neighbourhood of Zrenjanin, Serbia. Michel Laclotte (born 1930) is an art historian and museum director, specialising in 14th and 15th century French painting. Bert Goedkoop (born February 15, 1956) is a Dutch volleyball player and coach. Miss Teen USA 1994, the 12th Miss Teen USA pageant, was televised live from the Mississippi Gulf Coast Coliseum in Biloxi, Mississippi on 16 August 1994. The pageant was hosted by Bob Goen for the first of three years, with color commentary by Daisy Fuentes and Jamie Solinger, Miss Teen USA 1992. The SNEB rocket projectile is propelled by a single rocket motor, and, depending on the warhead loadout on the launchers, it can be used against armoured fighting vehicles, bunkers, or soft targets. In France today, the SNEB has been reorganized to the firm of Thomas-Brandt. Besides France, several other nations produce the SNEB 68mm rocket under license. The Alunișu River is a tributary of the Ţibleş River in Romania. Horbruch is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Julius Vincenz von Krombholz (December 19, 1782 – November 1, 1843) was a physician and mycologist born in Oberpolitz (today Horní Police, Czech Republic), northern Bohemia. Arthur Groenouw (27 March 1862 - 1945) was a German ophthalmologist born in Bosatz, a village near Ratibor. Charles Frederick Joy (December 11, 1849 – April 13, 1921) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. The Type 9 wooden anti-tank mine was an Italian bar type anti-tank mine used during World War II in North Africa. In October 1938, following the Munich Agreement, Dolní Datyně, together with the entire Zaolzie region, was annexed by Poland. HMS Sea Nymph was an S class submarine of the Royal Navy, and part of the Third Group built of that class. Back of the Moon is a Scottish musical group which plays both new and Scottish traditional tunes and songs cast in modern sounding arrangements. Back of the Moon create an acoustic sound through a front line of Scottish border pipes and fiddle, a pairing of low whistle and flute, and their guitar/piano rhythm combo. A launch vehicle boosts into the parking orbit, then coasts for a while, then fires again to enter the final desired trajectory. The alternative to a parking orbit is direct injection, where the rocket fires continuously (except during staging) until its fuel is exhausted, ending with the payload on the final trajectory. Founded in 1875 as St. Mark's Home and Hospital, the current Butterworth Hospital is a subsidiary of Spectrum Health. A parking orbit is a temporary orbit used during the launch of a satellite or other space probe. Robert Huish (1777 – April 1850) was a prolific, but generally poorly regarded, English author of history books, novels, and miscellaneous other works. Börfink is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Statoil is a fully integrated petroleum company with operations in thirty-six countries. The Government of Norway is the largest shareholder in Statoil with 67% of the shares. By revenue, Statoil was ranked by Fortune Magazine as the world's thirteenth largest oil and gas company in 2010, and the largest company in the Nordic region by revenue and profit. Statoil ASA, trading as Statoil and formerly known as StatoilHydro, is a Norwegian oil and gas company, formed by the 2007 merger of Statoil with the oil and gas division of Norsk Hydro. Carcassonne Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Michel de Carcassonne) is a cathedral and designated national monument in Carcassonne, France. USS Curlew (MSC-8/AMS-8/YMS-218) was a YMS-1-class minesweeper of the YMS-135 subclass built for the United States Navy during World War II. Ghostfest is a metal/hardcore festival that first took place in the Leeds Cockpit across 2 days in August 2005, returning in 2006. Butterworth Hospital is a hospital in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Apart from 2008 & 2010; Ghostfest has sold out in advance every year. Rufus McIntire (December 19, 1784 – April 28, 1866) was a United States lawyer, captain of artillery in the War of 1812, congressman, land surveyor and prisoner of war. Elgin—Middlesex—London is a provincial electoral district in southwestern, Ontario, Canada. Madonna Rehabilitation Hospital is a Roman Catholic rehabilitation hospital in Lincoln, Nebraska, U.S.A. Mission San Pedro y San Pablo del Tubutama is located in Tubutama, Sonora and was first founded in 1691 by Father Eusebio Francisco Kino. Friday: The Animated Series was a short-lived animated television series based on the Friday film series. Almeidas Province (Spanish: Provincia de Almeidas) is one of the 15 provinces in the Cundinamarca Department, Colombia. The Young Marrieds is an American daytime soap opera which aired on ABC from October 5, 1964 to March 25, 1966. Canada is a single by Duluth, Minnesota slowcore group Low, released in 2002. Billy Jordan was one of the outstanding football players in Ireland during the 1930s. Anne Cameron (born "Cam Hubert"), August 20, 1938 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a Canadian novelist, poet, screenwriter and short story writer. Kangtoap Padevat (Revolutionary Army) was a Khmer language weekly newspaper in Cambodia, published in the 1980s. The Olympus E-410 (or Olympus EVOLT E-410 in North America) is a 10 megapixel digital single-lens reflex (DSLR) camera intended be the smallest and lightest DSLR on the market. Robert Reed Altman (born December 22, 1959) has served as a camera operator and director of photography on feature films and television series since the 1970s. Kempfeld is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The Hits is a remix album of recordings by Amii Stewart released in the United Kingdom in 1985. The Bergamaschi C-1 and C-2 were Italian single-engined light trainers built by Cantieri Aeronautici Bergamaschi for the Bergamo flying school. Don Webb is a playwright and script writer based in the UK. The Acmariu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania. Frank B. Klepper (June 22, 1864 - August 4, 1933) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. Bithynia is a genus of small freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae. Suddendorf is a village and a former municipality in the district of Grafschaft Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany. The diploid chromosome number of Bithynia sp. from Egypt is 2n=32. Anyone Can Say Goodbye is an album by New Zealand-born recording artist Greg Johnson, released in 2006. With key export markets in France, Great Britain and Belgium, Pågen is currently one of Sweden's leading food exporters with an annual turnover of around 220 million Euros. Pågen is a Swedish bakery company founded in 1878 by Anders and Matilda Påhlsson. The Itchen Navigation Preservation Society was formed in the 1970s, but progress was slow. The Itchen Navigation is a 10.4-mile disused canal system in Hampshire, England, that provided an important trading route from Winchester to the sea at Southampton for about 150 years. Amira Pyliotis is an independent singer/songwriter, who is the sole musician behind Tecoma Music. Pseudobagrus species are small- to mid-sized bagrid catfishes. It has been noted that Pelteobagrus may not be monophyletic if species placed in Pseudobagrus and Coreobagrus were excluded. The two Coreobagrus species, C. brevicorpus and C. ichikiwai, are both treated in some recent literature as valid in Pseudobagrus. HNLMS Zwaardvisch (P322) was the lead ship of the Royal Netherlands Navy's Zwaardvisch-class submarine, which was based on the British T class. The poem is written from the perspective of a man, whose fiancée has recently died, as he stands beside her newly-dug grave in Nunhead Cemetery. San Pedro prison or El penal de San Pedro is the largest prison in La Paz, Bolivia renowned for being a society within itself.
